<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_1_602-2" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">1.602-2</ph> Responsibilities.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="p_P1_602_2_90">(d)(S-90) <i>Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR)</i>. For
            information on COR function and requirements, see DoDI 5000.72, Change 2, DoD Standard
            for Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) Certification <xref href="https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/dodi/500072p.PDF?ver=Gz57VcITZqrt78aS_jH2Jg%3d%3d" scope="external" format="PDF?ver=Gz57VcITZqrt78aS_jH2Jg%3d%3d">
            <u>DoDI 5000.72,
                    Change 2, DoD Standard for Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR)
                    Certification </u>
         </xref>(<xref href="https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/dodi/500072p.PDF?ver=Gz57VcITZqrt78aS_jH2Jg%3d%3d" scope="external" format="PDF?ver=Gz57VcITZqrt78aS_jH2Jg%3d%3d">
            <u>https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/dodi/500072p.PDF?ver=Gz57VcITZqrt78aS_jH2Jg%3d%3d</u>
         </xref>).</p>
      <p>(d)(S-91) <i>Joint Appointment Module (JAM) and Surveillance and Performance Monitoring
                (SPM) Module.</i>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(i) JAM is the enterprise-wide module for executing nomination and
            appointment functions. SPM is the enterprise- wide module for executing COR monitoring
            functions. See <xref href="https://wawftraining.eb.mil/piee-landing/" scope="external" format="html">
            <u>Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE)</u>
         </xref>
                (<xref href="https://wawftraining.eb.mil/piee-landing/" scope="external" format="html">
            <u>https://wawftraining.eb.mil/piee-</u>
            <u>landing/</u>
         </xref>) for
            access to JAM and SPM. For training, see <xref href="https://wawftraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/jam/index.xhtml" scope="external" format="xhtml">
            <u>Joint Appointment Module (JAM) - Web Based Training</u>
         </xref>
                (<xref href="https://wawftraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/jam/index.xhtml" scope="external" format="xhtml">
            <u>https://wawftraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/jam/index.xhtml</u>
         </xref>), which
            includes SPM and Government Purchase Card (GPC) roles.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ii) The DISA DECC Ogden Electronic Business Service Desk is
            available to assist with technical problems with PIEE at <xref href="DLA%20Today%20News%20-%20Website%20to%20act%20as%20clearinghouse%20for%20employee___files" scope="external" format="file">
            <u>Government Customer Support - Submit
                Issue</u>
         </xref>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(<xref href="https://wawf.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/governmentCustomerSupport.xhtml" scope="external" format="xhtml">
            <u>https://wawf.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/governmentCustomerSupport.xhtml</u>
         </xref>).
            Department Administrators at each procuring organization can assist with access and
            navigation issues.</p>
      <p>(d)(S-92) For procedures associated with COR Program oversight roles and
            responsibilities, see <xref href="https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/COR%20PROGRAM%20CHANGE%201.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">
            <u>DLAM 5025.14, Contracting Officer’s Representative
                    (COR) Program</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/COR%20PROGRAM%20CHANGE%201.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">
            <u>https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/COR%20PROGRAM%20CHANGE%201.pdf</u>
         </xref>).
            Contracting officers shall appoint a nominated replacement COR, who is qualified and
            certified, within a maximum of 30 calendar days after the date either (i) the current
            COR appointment is terminated; or (ii) there is a requirement for a replacement due to a
            change in circumstances of the current COR, resulting in a reasonable expectation of the
            inability to perform effectively (e.g., conflict of interest, reassignment, separation
            from the Government). COR management shall proactively nominate a qualified and
            certified replacement COR in a timely manner to allow the contracting officer the
            ability to appoint the replacement within a maximum of 30 calendar days. Additional
            guidance on the appointment and duties of CORs is provided in the </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">
         <xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/cp/docs/USA002477-17_DoD_COR_Guidebook.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">
            <u>DoD COR Guidebook</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/cp/docs/USA002477-17_DoD_COR_Guidebook.pdf" scope="external" format="pdf">
            <u>https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/cpic/cp/docs/USA002477-17_DoD_COR_Guidebook.pdf</u>
         </xref>).</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
