<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_11_391"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">11.391</ph> Part numbered items.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p id="hht345" class="- topic/p ">(a) Offers for part numbered items may be other than exactly stated in the PID due to a
            variety of reasons such as administrative changes, engineering changes, reverse
            engineering, obsolescence or manufacturing enhancements. Contracting officers shall
            coordinate with product specialists for the review of an offer other than exact product.
            The product specialist will update the Material Master in accordance with any change to
            part number. Solicitations and contracts shall include procurement note C01 when
            procuring part-numbered items.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">C01 Superseded Part Numbered Items (SEP 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">If an item part number is superseded during the term of this
            contract, the contractor shall advise the contracting officer immediately upon
            determination. The notice shall include complete information on the superseding item
            form, fit, function, configuration, application, or physical nature. The contracting
            officer will determine whether the item is acceptable to the Government, advise the
            contractor within seven days, and modify the contract accordingly.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p id="hhyy7889" class="- topic/p ">(b) Solicitations shall include procurement notes L04 and M06 when items are identified
            in the item description only by the name of an approved source (CAGE code), a part
            number, and a brief description.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L04 Offers for Part Numbered Items (SEP 2016)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a) For part numbered items, identified in the item description only by the name of an
            approved source (CAGE code), a part number, and a brief description.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Exact product <line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">– </line-through>applies to contract line-item(s) (CLIN(s)):
            _____</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE code __________ part number ________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Alternate product – applies to CLIN(s):</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE code __________ part number ________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Superseding part number – applies to CLIN(s):</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE code __________ part number ________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Identify reason for superseding part number:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Administrative P/N change only: Yes____ No____</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Minor change/No change in configuration: Yes____ No____</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Previously-approved product – applies to CLIN(s): _____</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Contract or Solicitation Number: ____________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE code __________ part number ________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Correction to CAGE/Part Number – applies to CLIN(s) _____</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">CAGE code in error/same corporation, different division Yes ___
            No___</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">CAGE code in error/sold to different corporation Yes ___ No___</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Part number not recognized Yes ___ No___</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Obsolete part number Yes ___ No___</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Other Yes ___ No___</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(b) Exact product means a product described by the name of an approved source and its
            corresponding part number cited in the item description; and manufactured by, or under
            the direction of, that approved source. An offeror of an exact product must meet one of
            the descriptions below.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) An approved source offering its part number cited in the item
            description;</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) A dealer/distributor offering the product of an approved source
            and part number cited in the item description;</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) A manufacturer who produces the offered item under the direction
            of an approved source; and has authorization from that approved source to manufacture
            the item, identify it as that approved source’s name and part number, and sell the item
            directly to the Government.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) A dealer/distributor offering the product of a manufacturer that
            meets the description in subparagraph (3) above.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(c) Alternate product.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The offeror must indicate that an alternate product is being
            offered if the offeror is any one of the following:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) An offeror who manufactures the item for an approved source cited
            in the item description, but does not have authorization from the approved source to
            identify it as the approved source part number, and sell the item directly to the
            Government;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) A dealer/distributor offering the product of a manufacturer that
            meets the description in (i) above;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) An offeror of a reverse-engineered product that is not cited in
            the item description; or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) An offeror whose product does not meet the criteria of exact
            product, superseding product or previously approved product.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) An offer of an alternate product is an alternate offer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(d) The offeror must indicate that a superseding part number is being offered if the
            offered item otherwise qualifies as an exact product, except that the part number cited
            in the item description has been superseded due to an administrative part number change
            with no change in configuration of the item.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(e) The offeror must indicate that a previously-approved product is being offered if the
            product offered has previously been delivered to the Government or otherwise previously
            evaluated and approved.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(f) Correction to CAGE/Part Number Cited in the Item Description</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Submitted by offeror to notify the Government if there is a CAGE code error: same
            corporation/different division; sold to different corporation; part number not
            recognized; obsolete part number; other.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(g) Traceability documentation.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The contracting officer may request evidence of the technical
            acceptability of the product offered. The evidence must be submitted within 2 days, or
            as otherwise specified, or the offer will not be considered.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) For offers of exact product, offerors other than the approved
            manufacturing source must retain evidence and provide the traceability evidence of the
            identity of the item and its manufacturing source when requested by the contracting
            officer.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) If offered item(s) are not in stock or not yet manufactured a
            copy of an original quotation from the approved source to the offeror identifying exact
            item cited in item description and a quantity sufficient to satisfy the solicitation
            requirement.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) If offered item(s) are shipped or in stock, a copy of invoice on
            approved source's letterhead; or a copy of packing slip which accompanied shipment from
            approved source to offeror. The invoices and packing slips must identify exact item
            cited in item description and a quantity sufficient to satisfy the solicitation
            requirement.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) If the offeror is an authorized dealer/distributor, or
            manufactures the item for an approved source, a copy of the contractual agreement with,
            or the express written authority of, the approved source to buy, stock, repackage, sell,
            or distribute the part. The agreement must specifically identify the exact item, or
            otherwise ensure that the offeror is authorized by the approved source to manufacture or
            distribute the exact item being acquired. If the agreement covers a general product line
            or is otherwise not product-specific, the offeror must furnish additional documentation
            to address the exact item being acquired.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Other verifiable information.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) For superseding part number, the offeror may be requested to
            furnish evidence to establish that there are no changes in the configuration of the
            part.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) For previously approved products, upon request of the contracting
            officer, the offeror must furnish the contract, solicitation, source approval request
            (SAR) package, or letter of approval under which the product was previously furnished or
            approved.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(h) Alternate offer data.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The contracting officer may request drawings, specifications, or
            other data necessary to clearly describe the characteristics and features of an
            alternate offer. Data submitted shall cover design, materials, performance, function,
            interchangeability, inspection or testing criteria, and other characteristics of the
            offered product. The contracting officer may also request drawings and other data
            covering the design, materials, etc., of the exact product cited in the item description
            if the Agency does not possess data sufficient to evaluate the alternate product. The
            data must be submitted within 10 days, or as otherwise specified, or the offer will not
            be considered.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) If the alternate product is a reverse-engineered product, the
            offeror shall provide: technical documentation to establish that the offered item
            represents the exact item specified in the item description (i.e., invoice from an
            approved source or submission of samples having markings of an approved source); number
            of samples that were examined; the process/logic used; raw data (measurements, lab
            reports, test results) used to prepare drawings or specifications for the offered item;
            any additional evidence that indicates the reverse-engineered item will function
            properly in the end item; and any evidence that life cycle/reliability considerations
            have been analyzed.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(j) Evaluation of Alternate Offers.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If the solicitation does not provide for evaluation of alternate offers for the current
            procurement, the offeror may submit a request for evaluation of the alternate product’s
            technical acceptability for future procurements of the same item. The request for
            evaluation shall cite the national stock number (NSN) of the exact product and include
            the applicable level of technical data. The level of technical data that the Government
            has available for use to evaluate the acceptability of an alternate product offered, and
            the corresponding level of technical data that must be furnished with an offer of
            alternate product, will be identified in the item description and/or via correspondence
            with the appropriate location below.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(1) For solicitation numbers beginning with SPE7:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLA Land and Maritime</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Directorate of Procurement</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Alternate Offer Monitor, BPP</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Post Office (P.O.) Box 3990</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Columbus, Ohio 43218-3990</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(2) For solicitation numbers beginning with SPE4:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLA Aviation</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Office of the Competition Advocate</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Attention: BPC</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">8000 Jefferson Davis Highway</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Richmond, Virginia 23297-5100</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(3) For solicitation numbers beginning with SPE1, SPE2, SPE3, SPE5, or SPE8:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLA Troop Support</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Attention: (see note below)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">700 Robbins Avenue</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Note: The address (attention line) will change based on the 4th digit of the PIIN as
            follows:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SPE1 = Clothing and Textile (C&amp;T)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SPE2 = Medical</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SPE3 = Subsistence</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SPE5 = Industrial Hardware (formerly Aviation or L&amp;M detachments)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SPE8 = Construction and Equipment (C&amp;E)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(4) For solicitation numbers beginning with SPRRA1 and SPRRA2:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Defense Logistics Agency – DLA Aviation</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Office of the Competition Advocate</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Building 5201</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Redstone Arsenal, Alabama 35898</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(5) For solicitation numbers beginning with SPRPA1:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLA Philadelphia</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Competition Advocate Office</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">700 Robbins Avenue Building 1</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5098</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(6) For Tank-Automotive and Armaments Command (TACOM) Depot Level Repairable (DLR) - DLA
            Land and Maritime solicitations beginning with SPRDL1:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Defense Logistics Agency</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLR Procurement Operations - ZG</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">6501 East Eleven Mile Road</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Warren, Michigan 48397-5000</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(7) For Communications-Electronics Command (CECOM) DLR-DLA Land and Maritime
            solicitations beginning with SPRBL1:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Defense Logistics Agency</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">DLR Procurement Operations - ZL</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">6001 Combat Dr., Rm. C1-301</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005-1846</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">M06 Evaluation of Offers of Alternate Product for Part Numbered Items (SEP 2016)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Offers of alternate product will not be evaluated for the contract action if:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(1) The solicitation is automated;</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(2) It does not meet the dollar threshold for savings, after an evaluation factor of $600
            is applied for coordination with each ESA; or</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(3) When the time proposed for award does not permit evaluation, and delay of award would
            adversely affect the Government.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
