<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_11_402-90">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">11.402-90</ph> Time definite delivery (TDD) standards.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="fLePnc" outputclass="Normal">Customer direct requirements on planned direct vendor
         delivery (DVD) contracts shall meet the TDD standards. Contract delivery time frames shall
         align to one of the following supplier responsibility points.</p>
      <p id="CKaBAx" outputclass="Ctr normal">
         <b>TIME DEFINITE DELIVERY (TDD) STANDARDS</b>
      </p>
      <table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
         <tgroup cols="2" colsep="1">
            <colspec colname="1" colnum="1" />
            <colspec colname="2" colnum="2" />
            <thead>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="VIxkoi">
                        <b>Supplier Responsibility Point</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="AKncPy">
                        <b>Number of Days</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="ZnZqjI">Offer of Materiel to DCMA or Transporter - CAT 1</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="lZTHdC">1 day</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="XFBryl">Offer of Materiel to DCMA or Transporter - CAT 2</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="MbMfze">2 days</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="JfeDsI">Offer of Materiel to DCMA or Transporter - CAT 3</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="usFLtZ">3 days</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="SwnzIg">Transporter carrier drop-off (at CONUS location) - CAT 1</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="fNlpRj">4 days</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="ujzcLt">Transporter carrier drop-off (at CONUS location) - CAT 2</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="BDqorw">7 days</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1">
                  <entry>
                     <p id="Ufaqqx">Transporter carrier drop-off (at CONUS location) - CAT 3</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p id="JTPNFJ">11 days</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p id="pOWjRW">Compliance with TDD standards shall be reviewed prior to option invocation and
         a waiver obtained prior to contract option invocation if supplier cannot meet the standards
         or cost to meet the standard is excessive.</p>
      <p id="cEQmZf">Commercial industry standards exceeding TDD standards or excessive cost for TDD
         standards shall be discussed with and approved by customers and Planning. When the
         supplier's capability exceeds the standards, the contracting officer will coordinate with
         the requirements personnel and negotiate delivery standards to meet the needs of DLA
         customers at the best value to the government. A waiver to TDD standards is not required
         for the exceptions in <xref href="11.402-91.dita#DLAD_11_402-91">
            <u>11.402-91</u>
         </xref>.</p>
      <p id="GPFWLA">A business decision must be documented by an economic analysis, business case
         analysis, or vendor stock retention model analysis. The DLA Acquisition Programs Division
         oversees compliance with DLAI 2112, Procedures for Initiating and Monitoring Planned
         Customer Direct Long-Term Contracts by conducting quarterly reviews of all planned DVD
         contracts and reporting the findings to the HCAs and the DLA Acquisition Director.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
