<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_15_407-90" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">15.407-90</ph> Reverse Auction.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(a) Policy.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) The contracting officer must consider using reverse auctions in solicitations for competitive procurements valued above the micro-purchase threshold. The contracting officer must document the contract file when competitive procurements do not use reverse auction above the SAT.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) When reverse auction is used, the contracting officer must use the DLA reverse auction pricing tool and enable the “Lead/Not Lead” feature when price is the sole evaluation factor.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) The CCO shall send reverse auction reports to reverse auction program manager in the DLA Acquisition Contract and Pricing Compliance Division by the close of business each Friday. Reports must include historical, direct, and indefinite-delivery contract savings. Indefinite-delivery contract savings are reported for each contract period.  Report format is provided by reverse auction program manager. Negative reports required.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(i) Last price paid - final auction price X quantity = historical savings</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Lowest offered pre-auction price - lowest offered post-auction price X quantity = direct savings</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iii) Direct savings X estimated annual quantities = indefinite-delivery contract estimated savings</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iv) Direct savings X actual quantities ordered during contract period = indefinite-delivery contract adjusted savings</p>
      <p>(b) General guidance for selecting reverse auction candidates.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) A reverse auction is an internet-based or electronic commerce acquisition tool following traditional auction principles. It allows the Government to buy goods and services from offerors in a dynamic environment where offerors successively bid prices down until the auction ends.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) A reverse auction works well when competing an order for items or services on General Services Administration (GSA) schedules and DOD multiple-award indefinite-delivery type contracts. Conditions best suited for a reverse auction include high volume, commodity type commercial items or commodity-like services that do not have exact or lengthy specifications, are available off the shelf, or competed solely using price.</p>
      <p>(c) Solicitations shall include procurement note L09 when the contracting officer may<b> </b>use a reverse auction.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">L09 Reverse Auction (OCT 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">The Contracting Officer may utilize reverse auctioning to conduct price discussions. If the Contracting Officer does not conduct a reverse auction, award may be made on<line-through> </line-through>initial offers or following discussions. If the Contracting Officer decides to use line reverse auctioning to conduct price negotiations, the Contracting Officer will notify Offerors of this decision and the following applies:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(1) The contracting officer may use reverse auction as the pricing technique during discussions to receive the final offered prices from each offeror.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(2) During each round of reverse auction, the system displays the lowest offer price(s) unless the auction instructions are different. All offerors and authorized auction users see the displayed lowest price(s).  This disclosure is anonymous and a generic identifier displays for the offeror. Generic identifiers include designators such as “offer A” or “lowest-priced offeror.” By submitting a proposal in response to the solicitation, offerors agree to participate in the reverse auction and that their prices may be disclosed, including to other offerors, during the reverse auction.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(3) An offeror’s final auction price at the close of the reverse auction is considered its final price proposal revision. No price revisions will be accepted after the close of the reverse auction, unless the contracting officer decides that further discussions are needed and final price proposal revisions are again requested in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.307, or the contracting officer determines that it would be in the best interest of the Government to re-open the auction.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(4) The contracting officer identifies participants to the DLA commercial reverse auction service provider. To be eligible for award and participate, the offeror must agree with terms and conditions of the entire solicitation and the commercial reverse auction service. The reverse auction pricing tool system administrator sends auction information in an email. The reverse auction system designates offers as "lead," meaning the current low price in that auction, or "not lead," meaning not the current low price in that auction. In the event of a tie offer, the reverse auction provider's system designates the first offer of that price as "lead" and the second or subsequent offer of that price as "not lead." If a tie offer is submitted and no evaluation factors other than price were identified in the solicitation or a low-price technically acceptable source selection is being used, the "Not Lead” offeror that submitted the tie offer must offer a changed price; otherwise its offer will be ineligible for award. If evaluation factors in addition to price were listed in the solicitation and a tradeoff source selection is being used, tie offers that are "Not Lead" will be considered and evaluated.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(5) Offerors unable to enter pricing through the commercial reverse auction service provider’s system during a reverse auction must notify the contracting officer or designated representative immediately. The contracting officer may, at their sole discretion, extend or re-open the reverse auction if the reason for the offeror’s inability to enter pricing is determined to be without fault on the part of the offeror and outside the offeror’s control.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(6) Training. The commercial reverse auction service provider or government representative conducts training for offerors. Offerors receive training through written material, the commercial reverse auction service provider’s website, or other means. Trainers name employees successfully completing the training as a “Trained Offeror.” Only trained offerors may engage in a reverse auction. The contracting officer reserves the right to remove the “trained offeror” title from anyone who fails to obey the solicitation or commercial reverse auction service provider terms and conditions.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p>(d) Competing individual delivery orders through reverse auctioning. Contracting officers must use procurement note L10 when reverse auction may be used for some or all delivery orders issued against a multiple award contract with competitive ordering. Examples include FAR Subpart 8.4 requests for quotes and blanket purchase agreements (BPAs) when the BPA ordering process follows FAR 8.405-3(c)(2)(ii) or (iii).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">L10 Competing Individual Delivery Orders Through Reverse Auctions (OCT 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(1) A reverse auction may be used as the price negotiation technique when competing delivery orders under this contract. The contracting officer issues a request for proposal.  After receiving proposals, the contracting officer will then send written notice via email to contractors with specifics about the reverse auction.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(2) Each contractor identified by the contracting officer as a participant in the reverse auction will be contacted by the DLA commercial reverse auction service provider to advise the contractor of the event and to provide an explanation of the process.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(3) The reverse auction will be conducted using the commercial reverse auction service provider’s website, as embedded in the email notification. Participants shall be responsible for providing their own computer and Internet connection.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(4) Prior to the reverse auction, the Government will determine whether all participants’ prices, or just the lowest price(s), will be disclosed to other auction participants and to anyone else having authorized access to the auction. This disclosure is anonymous, meaning that each participant’s identity will be concealed from other participants (although it will be known to the Government). If the Government opts to disclose one or more participant’s prices, only generic identifiers will be used for each participant’s proposed pricing (e.g., “participant A or “lowest priced participant”). By submitting a proposal for a solicitation that includes this note, a contractor agrees to participate in the reverse auctions that will be conducted for award of specific delivery orders to be issued under the resulting multiple award contract, and that its quoted prices for a delivery order may be disclosed to other Contractors participating in the reverse auction.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(5) Any contractor unable to enter pricing through the commercial reverse auction service provider’s system during a reverse auction must notify the contracting officer or designated representative immediately. The contracting officer may, at their sole discretion, extend or re-open the reverse auction if the reason for the contractor’s inability to enter pricing is determined to be without fault on the part of the participant and outside the contactor’s control.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(6) Training. The commercial reverse auction service provider or government representative conducts training for offerors. Offerors receive training through written material, the commercial reverse auction service provider’s website, or other means. Trainers name employees successfully completing the training as a “Trained Offeror.” Only trained offerors may engage in a reverse auction. The contracting officer reserves the right to remove the “trained offeror” title from anyone who fails to obey the solicitation or commercial reverse auction service provider terms and conditions.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
