<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_16_505" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">16.505</ph> Ordering.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="p_P16_506">(a)(S-90) The contracting officer shall issue a delivery order for any quantity ordered, including a quantity ordered concurrently with award of a basic contract.</p>
      <p>(b)<i> Orders under multiple-award contracts—</i>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(8)<i> Task-order and delivery-order ombudsman</i>. The competition advocate at each procuring organization shall act as the task and delivery order contract ombudsman. The ombudsman shall attempt to resolve contractor complaints relative to placement of individual task and delivery orders. When the ombudsman cannot resolve complaints at the procuring organization level, the ombudsman shall forward the complaint to the Program Manager for Competition, DLA Acquisition Operations Division. The DLA competition advocate shall resolve the complaint. Each procuring organization shall develop procedures for execution of ombudsman duties and responsibilities.</p>
      <p id="p_P16_505_b_90">(c) Contracting officers may use procurement note C10 to indicate delivery order procedures in multiple award indefinite delivery contracts pursuant to FAR 16.504. Indicate in the procurement note whether price evaluation for the task or delivery order is significantly more, less, or approximately equal in importance to all other evaluation factors combined.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">
         <b>*****</b>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">C10 Placement of Task or Delivery Orders Against Multiple Indefinite Delivery Contracts (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(1) In accordance with FAR 52.216-27, Single or Multiple Awards, the Government may elect to award multiple contracts under this solicitation. The Government will evaluate proposals in accordance with evaluation provisions in Section M of this solicitation. In the event of multiple awards, the Government will use the same evaluation criteria to determine which proposals represent the best value to the Government. The contracting officer has the discretion to determine the exact number of awards, considering the cost to the Government to administer multiple awards, the recurring nature of the requirement, the need to increase the active production base, and the benefits that may be achieved through continued competition.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(2) Task or delivery order placement procedure.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(a) In the event of multiple awards, the contracting officer will consider each awardee for placement of individual task or delivery orders unless an exception at FAR 16.505(b)(2) applies. However, awardees subject to testing and approval requirements (e.g., first article testing) are not eligible to receive orders until testing requirements are satisfactorily completed. Failure to successfully complete required testing will constitute grounds for contract termination for default by the Government.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(b) Unless stated otherwise in the contract or in the request for quotes for task or delivery orders under this contract, the following evaluation process will be used in awarding task or delivery orders. The criteria used for evaluating offers for task or delivery orders under this contract are price, past performance, and delivery. Price is of ______ importance than or to the other factors combined. Past performance will include performance on orders previously placed under the contract and may include performance under other contracts. In evaluating performance under previous orders, the contracting officer will consider delivery, quality of supplies or services furnished, and success in implementing any socioeconomic support programs that may be applicable to the contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(3) Task and delivery order ombudsman. In accordance with <xref href="http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/regs/far2afmcfars/fardfars/far/16.htm" scope="external" format="html">FAR 16.505(b)(8)</xref>, the competition advocate will address complaints or questions regarding the placement of individual task or delivery orders. Address correspondence to the appropriate supply chain listed below:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">For DLA Aviation:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">DLA Aviation</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Competition Advocate, BPP</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">8000 Jefferson Davis Highway</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Richmond, Virginia 23297-5124</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">For DLA Troop Support’s construction and equipment, clothing and textile, subsistence, and medical supply chains:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">DLA Troop Support</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Competition Advocate, BPA</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">700 Robbins Avenue</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">For DLA Land and Maritime:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">DLA Land and Maritime</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Competition Advocate</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Post Office (P.O.) Box 3990</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Columbus, Ohio 43218-3990</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
