<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_17_9301" xml:lang="en-US"><title outputclass="Heading 3"><ph props="autonumber">17.9301</ph> Definitions.</title><conbody><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“D1-D6 schedule”</i> means surge requirements expressed in exact quantities with a 6-month sustainable accelerated delivery. The D1-D6 schedule is determined and obtained by using the support planning integrated data enterprise readiness system (SPIDERS) or industrial base management system (IBMS), or consulting the industrial specialist. The D1-D6 schedule is used when the monthly wartime rate (MWR) cannot be applied.  D1-D6 identifies the surge requirement, including the Services’ go-to-war requirements.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Industrial capability issue (ICI)” </i>means a procurement issue created by the lack of industrial capability, capacity, and/or raw or semi-finished materials with lead-time issues that impact the ability of the supplier to deliver at the wartime rate. Mitigation of the issue requires an investment by the Government to improve capability to deliver at the wartime rate.  These investments are funded through the Warstopper program (refer to DLA Instruction 5025.03, Industrial Capabilities Program – Manage the Warstopper Program).</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Industrial specialist”</i> means a Government employee within the industrial preparedness branch for DLA Aviation, the industrial support office for DLA Land and Maritime, the industrial base planning office in DLA Troop Support Clothing and Textiles (C&amp;T), the industrial preparedness branch in DLA Troop Support Construction and Equipment (C&amp;E), the strategic material sourcing group (SMSG) readiness division for DLA Troop Support Medical, and the industrial base planning branch for DLA Troop Support Subsistence who performs certain technical functions within their respective procuring organizations.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Monthly wartime rate (MWR)”</i> means the combined recurring requirements for all services after offsets for peacetime DLA direct (DD) procuring organization surge capability or DLA managed war reserve material (WRM) stocks are applied. MWR is a forecast of additional monthly demand during wartime and is expressed in units per month. MWR is used for items with National Stock Numbers (NSNs) and can be found in the industrial base management system (IBMS) or by consulting the supply chain industrial specialist.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Peacetime support issue” </i>means a situation when DLA is unable to meet the customer’s required delivery date for a weapon system repair part that is coded not mission capable-supply (NMCS), is a critical item that impacts mission capability (MICAP) or prevents the loss of life/property, or cannot be satisfied by routine fulfillment/replenishment procedures.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Surge and sustainment (S&amp;S)” </i>means increased quantities and accelerated delivery rates required to meet Military Service requisitions across a broad spectrum of contingencies. The increased quantity and accelerated delivery rate are above and beyond the normal peacetime requirements, and are identified as MWR, D1-D6 schedule, or a surge quantity event.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Surge and sustainment coverage” </i>means a combination of DLA’s ability to fill contingency requisitions through the MWR, D1-D6 schedule, or surge quantity option within the customer’s required delivery date (RDD) and the supplier’s ability to meet surge quantity and sustainable accelerated delivery.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“S&amp;S event” </i>means the relationship between the S&amp;S planning requirement (SSPR), the S&amp;S actual requirements, and S&amp;S coverage. DLA Manual 5025.12, Industrial Capability Program – Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S), Enclosure 4 provides details on surge and sustainment events (Numbered I through VI). An event may have known surge planning requirements, may be covered for surge, and may be needed in surge quantities during an actual contingency.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Surge and sustainment planning requirements (S&amp;SPR,)”</i> or “go-to-war requirements,” are forecasted additive monthly wartime demand requirements derived from: (1) annual submissions of Other War Reserve Material Requirements (OWRMR) data from the Military Services; (2) analysis of supply chain risk assessment data and subsequent collaboration with appropriate DLA customers to define/validate additive demand during wartime; and (3) review and analysis of historical data focused on supply items with a weapon system essentiality code (WSEC) of 1, 5, 6 or 7 and Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) project coded requisitions. These requirements are the Services’ go-to-war items for contingency operations, national emergencies, or other readiness needs, when immediate availability of materials and speed of delivery are essential to support national security interests. DoDI 3110.06, War Reserve Materiel Policy, and DLM 4000.25-2, Military Standard Transaction Reporting &amp; Accountability Procedures (MILSTRAP), require identification of these go-to-war requirements to support national security interests of the United States.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Surge quantity option”</i> means an increased quantity above and beyond peacetime demands expressed as a percentage or exact number with a sustainable accelerated delivery. This quantity is other than the MWR or D1-D6 schedule, and used for market ready, commercial, supplier part-numbered items (e.g., cataloged commercial items under a prime supplier arrangement) to support increased demands during contingency operations, national emergencies, or other readiness needs. Surge quantity option is calculated using appropriate demand data through market research, or determined by consulting the industrial specialist.</p><p outputclass="Normal"><i>“Unsupported item issue (UII)”</i> means surge requirements that cannot be met through peacetime inventory, normal peacetime contracting, alternative contract strategies, or a successful resolution using investment to an industrial capability issue (ICI). DLA is required to report a UII to the services for inclusion into their war reserve planning, such as when an investment to resolve an ICI exceeds cost of a Government “buy and hold” solution, or when stocking the item is counter to DoD war reserve policy.</p></conbody></concept>