<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_17_9302"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">17.9302</ph> Policy.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a) The primary mission of DLA is to support the warfighter in peacetime and wartime, to include smaller contingencies. The ability to surge, or ramp up quickly, and to sustain replenishment of wartime consumable items at an increased pace is critical to the execution of U.S. military strategy. The continuing emphasis by both DLA and suppliers to reduce inventory levels and DLA’s plan to rely on industrial capability directly impacts surge and sustainment coverage. S&amp;S capability is a primary consideration in all acquisition strategies and resource investments.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(b) Include surge and sustainment planning requirements (S&amp;SPR) in solicitations for indefinite-delivery term contracts for wartime critical materials. Acquisition planning must identify the most effective contract vehicle to ensure surge and sustainment coverage for surge events identified. Contracting officers must ensure go-to-war items identified during acquisition planning are included in solicitations for indefinite-delivery contracts, modifications adding items to a contract, or during option exercise.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(c) Contracts and orders with mandatory sources under FAR 8.002(a), including General Services Administration Federal Supply Schedules and AbilityOne, must comply with this policy in solicitations and resulting contracts.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
