<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_17_9304">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">17.9304</ph> Description/specifications, instructions to offerors, and evaluation factors.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="LSzVZL">(a) Solicitations and contracts must include procurement note C06 when MWR, D1-D6, or surge quantity option applies:</p>
      <p id="BViTfF" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="GIteUe" outputclass="Normal">C06 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Requirements (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="MAEKFw" outputclass="Normal">(1) Definitions.</p>
      <p id="ENcqvR" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Surge and sustainment (S&amp;S)”</i> means increased quantities and accelerated delivery rates required to meet Military Service requisitions across a broad spectrum of contingencies. The increased quantity and accelerated delivery rate are above and beyond the normal peacetime requirements. S&amp;S quantities are identified as MWR, D1-D6 schedule, or a surge quantity event.</p>
      <p id="fdFQsu" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Capability Assessment Plan (CAP)”</i> means the offeror’s plan for covering S&amp;S requirements, identification of competing priorities for the same resources, and date when the S&amp;S capability can be attained. The offeror must provide the CAP as an attachment to its proposal when S&amp;S items are identified in the solicitation. If the offeror cannot meet S&amp;S quantity and delivery needs, the CAP must identify the shortfall and provide best value solutions, to include a proposed Government investment strategy to help offset the shortfall if needed.</p>
      <p id="zqffpC" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Electronic</i>
         <i>CAP”or</i>
         <i>“</i>
         <i>eCAP</i>
         <i>”</i> means an electronic version of the CAP that the offeror can complete online. The web address and instructions for completing the eCAP are provided in the solicitation.</p>
      <p id="XLitQg" outputclass="Normal">(2) The contractor must maintain its S&amp;S capability to produce and deliver the S&amp;S quantity identified in Section C in accordance with the approved capability assessment plan (CAP) throughout the contract performance period. The contractor must participate in any S&amp;S testing and verification requested by the Government. The contractor agrees to support S&amp;S requirements to the maximum extent practical prior to achieving full S&amp;S capability required in Section C and the CAP; and for requirements exceeding those required in Section C and the CAP but not exceeding any applicable contract maximum quantity or contract value required in FAR 52.216-19. Changes that negatively impact S&amp;S capability must be reported in writing to the contracting officer within ten (10) working days after the contractor becomes aware of the impact. The notification must include a revised S&amp;S CAP containing proposed corrective actions and date when the S&amp;S capability will be attained.</p>
      <p id="ILFbhH" outputclass="Normal">(3) The Government reserves the right to verify and test the S&amp;S capability described in the CAP at any time during contract performance. The Government will prepare a test and verification plan and upon request the contractor must demonstrate its S&amp;S capability.</p>
      <p id="DldSuH" outputclass="Normal">(4) If requested by the Government, the contractor must be prepared to provide a plan to participate in S&amp;S validation and testing to verify the S&amp;S capability described in the CAP. Participation in S&amp;S validation and testing will be at no additional expense to the Government, and does not justify an equitable adjustment to the contract price. The plan must include methodology, rating criteria, labor, materials, and time required to conduct validation and testing. S&amp;S validation generally entails verifying if the contractor and subcontractors have (a) sufficient equipment, facilities, personnel, stock, pre-positioned raw materials, production capabilities, and base resources; (b) agreements, networks, and plans for distribution (receiving, storing, packaging, and issuing); (c) transportation services to accommodate the S&amp;S requirements in the contract; (d) examination of any in-house work; (e) review of the stock rotation plan; and (f) other contracts that impact the production of added or accelerated delivery of contract quantities. The testing/verification plan is not required to be included in the offeror’s proposal. Offerors are encouraged to consider the possibility of the Government requesting this participation when formulating the proposal.</p>
      <p id="NRItbv" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="JTtPFP">(b) Solicitations issued by DLA Aviation, DLA Land and Maritime, and DLA Troop Support Medical, Subsistence, Construction &amp; Equipment (C&amp;E), Clothing &amp; Textile (C&amp;T), and Industrial Hardware (IH) must include procurement note L18 when surge requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="NMvgkE" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="YHkIck" outputclass="Normal">L18 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Requirements – Instructions to Offerors (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="CgJrVg" outputclass="Normal">(1) Each offeror must describe in its proposal its ability to meet the S&amp;S accelerated delivery specified for items critical to support the Department of Defense in conducting contingency operations. These S&amp;S items are identified in Section C with quantities expressed as a Monthly Wartime Rate (MWR) or in a D1-D6 schedule. The S&amp;S quantity and delivery requirements are in addition to peacetime quantities. S&amp;S requirements may be met through access to production capability as well as contractor-owned or contractor-managed inventory or safety stocks.</p>
      <p id="QYjGph" outputclass="Normal">(2) Each offeror must include in its basic proposal a brief description of how it will ramp up to meet accelerated delivery and increased quantities (i.e., surge) and sustain an increased production and delivery pace throughout the contingency (i.e., sustainment). Additionally, each offeror must provide a separate capability assessment plan (CAP) to document its detailed technical approach for covering S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="pDImGa" outputclass="Normal">(3) If the CAP recommends some type of Government investment, offerors must include their plan for refreshing or replacing S&amp;S material consumed to ensure a continued surge capability. The CAP must include an exit strategy that describes the transition and ramp-down of S&amp;S assets and any remaining Government investment not consumed before contract expiration.</p>
      <p id="ikFzmx" outputclass="Normal">(4) Offerors must provide pricing within the electronic CAP submission for S&amp;S requirements based on the schedule for delivering items in the offeror’s CAP. When S&amp;S pricing exceeds peacetime pricing, the offeror’s proposal must include sufficient description to explain the rationale for the additional costs associated and provide a breakdown of costs to substantiate the pricing. This paragraph (4) does not apply to DLA Troop Support Subsistence.</p>
      <p id="DSEsvb" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="ceSXFY">(c)Contracting officers will include peacetime and S&amp;S requirements when inserting dollar figures or quantities in FAR 52.216-19, Order Limitations.</p>
      <p id="p__Hlk58955385">(d) Contracting officers at DLA Aviation, DLA Land and Maritime, and DLA Troop Support Construction &amp; Equipment (C&amp;E), Clothing &amp; Textile (C&amp;T), and Industrial Hardware (IH) shall include procurement note L19 in solicitations if S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="p__Hlk58500478" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="p__Hlk58955709" outputclass="Normal">L19 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) – Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) (JAN 2021)</p>
      <p id="p__Hlk60683940" outputclass="Normal">Offerors shall complete the CAP electronically using the <ph>
            <u>Worldwide Web Industrial Capabilities Program (WICAP)</u>
         </ph> (<xref format="html"
               href="https://ibms.dape.dla.mil/wicap"
               scope="external">
            <u>https://ibms.dape.dla.mil/wicap</u>
         </xref>) website.</p>
      <p id="DgmONp" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="zFJIGx">(e) Contracting officers at DLA Troop Support Medical shall include procurement note L20 if S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="fGpmgx" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="fHLSWq" outputclass="Normal">L20 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) – Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) – DLA Troop Support – Medical (JUN 2020)</p>
      <p id="frkNqg" outputclass="Normal">Offerors shall complete the CAP electronically using the Industrial Preparedness System (IPSYS) Industrial Capability Survey Tool through the DLA Troop Support DMM Online Directorate of Medical Materiel, single sign-on application website atDLA Troop Support Medical Materiel DMM Online(https://www.medical.dla.mil/WAM/Account/LogOn).</p>
      <p id="KJvaCV" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="jfZuNq">(f) Solicitations issued by DLA Troop Support Subsistence must include procurement note L21 when S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="BNlzVY" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="fMSqTF" outputclass="Normal">L21 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) – Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) – DLA Troop Support – Subsistence (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="FQFrhb" outputclass="Normal">Offerors must submit the CAP for items identified with surge requirements in Section C of the solicitation.</p>
      <p id="zjpgGG" outputclass="Normal">The CAP must—</p>
      <p id="lPqxPB" outputclass="Normal">(1) Outline the offeror’s method of addressing the S&amp;S requirements, whether defined as a percentage of annual demands or by individual line items. If the S&amp;S quantity or delivery requirements cannot be met, the offeror must identify the shortfall and provide the best value solutions to include a proposed strategy to offset the shortfall.</p>
      <p id="rUGzdr" outputclass="Normal">(2) Describe how the offeror will reduce peacetime production lead times by 50% to meet S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="glsuxJ" outputclass="Normal">(3) Provide letters of commitment or other agreements from suppliers and service providers (e.g., additional equipment or warehouse space) confirming they can meet S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="DMdPFf" outputclass="Normal">(4) Provide a plan to continue operations from an alternate facility in the event the primary facility is damaged or otherwise unable to operate at full capacity.</p>
      <p id="OHMkZA" outputclass="Normal">(5) Identify competing priorities for the same resources, and ensure that meeting surge delivery requirements is independent of any other contracts or production requirements.</p>
      <p id="EiKMsV" outputclass="Normal">(6) Identify the lead time for providing required S&amp;S capability.</p>
      <p id="kZhhMs" outputclass="Normal">(7) If applicable, include an exit strategy describing how to transition and ramp-down S&amp;S assets and any Government investment.</p>
      <p id="BPQFse" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="cOUvlH">(g) Solicitations issued by DLA Aviation, DLA Land and Maritime, and DLA Troop Support Medical, Subsistence, Construction &amp; Equipment (C&amp;E), Clothing &amp; Textile (C&amp;T), and Industrial Hardware (IH) must include procurement note M07 when S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="mCjdoe" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="AZonYU" outputclass="Normal">M07 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Evaluation (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="ngiwhl" outputclass="Normal">(1) Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) Evaluation: The CAP will be reviewed and assessed for responsiveness, completeness, and technical merit. The CAP must demonstrate (i) the offeror’s ability to provide the full S&amp;S quantity and meet the delivery requirements as specified in the solicitation; (ii) the technical merits of the proposed solutions to any identified shortfalls in S&amp;S quantity and/or delivery requirements; and (iii) the ability to achieve the solutions without Government investment. If the CAP includes Government investment, the evaluation includes plans to refresh or replace S&amp;S material and related exit strategy to ensure the Government’s continued surge capability.</p>
      <p id="QpgUUg" outputclass="Normal">(2) S&amp;S Past Performance History: The quality and extent of the offeror’s historical surge support performance will be considered as part of the overall past performance evaluation. In the absence of or in addition to historical S&amp;S capability support, the contracting officer may consider other relevant performance history that demonstrates the offeror’s ability to respond to and sustain higher than normal production rates or faster than normal delivery requirements, or both.</p>
      <p id="MeBxEZ" outputclass="Normal">(3) The contracting officer will include the S&amp;S price in the overall price evaluation.</p>
      <p id="ZGnnzo" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="lPgCzb">(h) The contracting officer, after coordination with the industrial specialist, submits requests for changes or exceptions to the above procurement notes to the DLA Acquisition Programs Division for approval.</p>
   
      <p id="DSF432er">
         <b>17.9305 Warstopper Program Material Buffer Availability.</b>
      </p>
      <p id="DhcOOk" outputclass="Normal">Contracting officers shall include procurement note C07 in solicitations and long-term supply contracts to notify suppliers that may be candidates to support industrial mobilization and/or material disruptions of the potential availability of key raw materials.</p>
      <p id="oACNun" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="eLfOXP" outputclass="Normal">C07 Warstopper Program Material Buffer Availability (JAN 2021)</p>
      <p id="snuJoX" outputclass="Normal">(1) The Warstopper Program Material Buffer (Buffer) helps decrease lead times for raw material to support defense contracts relating to military systems with a wartime requirement. The <xref format="html"
               href="https://ibms.dape.dla.mil/wicap"
               scope="external">
            <u>Worldwide Web Industrial Capabilities Program (WICAP)</u>
         </xref> website (<xref format="html"
               href="https://ibms.dape.dla.mil/wicap"
               scope="external">
            <u>https://ibms.dape.dla.mil/wicap</u>
         </xref>) identifies current material buffer suppliers and materials.If buffer material is unavailable or the quantity of material is inadequate to complete the requirement, the contractor shall contact the contracting officer representative (COR) for guidance. When a buffer is established, the contractor shall use the following process to submit requests for buffer material. A defense contractor (or sub-tier contractor supporting a prime contractor) with a current, active U.S. Government contract shall submit a valid request to use buffer material to the COR for the respective buffer material. The COR will review the submittal and approve or disapprove the request. The contractor shall include the following information in the request:</p>
      <p id="jxbkZO" outputclass="Normal">(a) Requestor’s name;</p>
      <p id="rCzCjv" outputclass="Normal">(b) U.S. Government contract number;</p>
      <p id="TjFcPY" outputclass="Normal">(c) Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating;</p>
      <p id="nwwgJU" outputclass="Normal">(d) Material specification;</p>
      <p id="rUxnQC" outputclass="Normal">(e) Quantity required;</p>
      <p id="SfAWho" outputclass="Normal">(f) Required delivery date; and</p>
      <p id="bnmPER" outputclass="Normal">(g) Whether there is a pre-existing supply contract with the material buffer contractor.</p>
      <p id="xGZRFP" outputclass="Normal">(2) If no prior contractual relationship exists between the contractor requesting access to the buffer material and the material buffer contractor, the material buffer contractor is authorized to enter into a contract to provide material from the buffer after the COR approves a valid request. The contractor shall include this action in the monthly report submitted to the COR. When requests exceed the buffer’s maximum monthly material availability, the material supplier may negotiate phased delivery of material across the material monthly availability; or the Government COR may prioritize the release of the material at the Government’s discretion.</p>
      <p id="ewgPdY" outputclass="Normal">(3) The material price for contractors accessing the material buffer is the material price identified in any pre-existing contract with the material buffer contractor. The material price for contractors with no pre-existing contract with the material buffer contractor is the standard (not spot market levels) pricing for the material. Contractors using the buffer are solely responsible for costs of using the buffer, and the Government has no liability either for these costs or for delays or other effects arising from the use of the buffer.</p>
      <p id="LsuSOG" outputclass="Normal">(4) The buffer material provided is not Government furnished material, but is a normal vendor-to-vendor transaction with all applicable warranties and guarantees provided through the commercial transaction.</p>
      <p id="KWYlJW" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="SKctqC">(a) Solicitations and contracts must include procurement note C06 when MWR, D1-D6, or surge quantity option applies:</p>
      <p id="gcVigd" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="RjgUbt" outputclass="Normal">C06 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Requirements (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="APFyQC" outputclass="Normal">(1) Definitions.</p>
      <p id="MSawSm" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Surge and sustainment (S&amp;S)”</i> means increased quantities and accelerated delivery rates required to meet Military Service requisitions across a broad spectrum of contingencies. The increased quantity and accelerated delivery rate are above and beyond the normal peacetime requirements. S&amp;S quantities are identified as MWR, D1-D6 schedule, or a surge quantity event.</p>
      <p id="hWHpQb" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Capability Assessment Plan (CAP)”</i> means the offeror’s plan for covering S&amp;S requirements, identification of competing priorities for the same resources, and date when the S&amp;S capability can be attained. The offeror must provide the CAP as an attachment to its proposal when S&amp;S items are identified in the solicitation. If the offeror cannot meet S&amp;S quantity and delivery needs, the CAP must identify the shortfall and provide best value solutions, to include a proposed Government investment strategy to help offset the shortfall if needed.</p>
      <p id="liLrsg" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>“Electronic</i>
         <i>CAP”or</i>
         <i>“</i>
         <i>eCAP</i>
         <i>”</i> means an electronic version of the CAP that the offeror can complete online. The web address and instructions for completing the eCAP are provided in the solicitation.</p>
      <p id="XzAUcr" outputclass="Normal">(2) The contractor must maintain its S&amp;S capability to produce and deliver the S&amp;S quantity identified in Section C in accordance with the approved capability assessment plan (CAP) throughout the contract performance period. The contractor must participate in any S&amp;S testing and verification requested by the Government. The contractor agrees to support S&amp;S requirements to the maximum extent practical prior to achieving full S&amp;S capability required in Section C and the CAP; and for requirements exceeding those required in Section C and the CAP but not exceeding any applicable contract maximum quantity or contract value required in FAR 52.216-19. Changes that negatively impact S&amp;S capability must be reported in writing to the contracting officer within ten (10) working days after the contractor becomes aware of the impact. The notification must include a revised S&amp;S CAP containing proposed corrective actions and date when the S&amp;S capability will be attained.</p>
      <p id="LgcrUq" outputclass="Normal">(3) The Government reserves the right to verify and test the S&amp;S capability described in the CAP at any time during contract performance. The Government will prepare a test and verification plan and upon request the contractor must demonstrate its S&amp;S capability.</p>
      <p id="aSkLtz" outputclass="Normal">(4) If requested by the Government, the contractor must be prepared to provide a plan to participate in S&amp;S validation and testing to verify the S&amp;S capability described in the CAP. Participation in S&amp;S validation and testing will be at no additional expense to the Government, and does not justify an equitable adjustment to the contract price. The plan must include methodology, rating criteria, labor, materials, and time required to conduct validation and testing. S&amp;S validation generally entails verifying if the contractor and subcontractors have (a) sufficient equipment, facilities, personnel, stock, pre-positioned raw materials, production capabilities, and base resources; (b) agreements, networks, and plans for distribution (receiving, storing, packaging, and issuing); (c) transportation services to accommodate the S&amp;S requirements in the contract; (d) examination of any in-house work; (e) review of the stock rotation plan; and (f) other contracts that impact the production of added or accelerated delivery of contract quantities. The testing/verification plan is not required to be included in the offeror’s proposal. Offerors are encouraged to consider the possibility of the Government requesting this participation when formulating the proposal.</p>
      <p id="GZtxGv" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="cIVyPr">(b) Solicitations issued by DLA Aviation, DLA Land and Maritime, and DLA Troop Support Medical, Subsistence, Construction &amp; Equipment (C&amp;E), Clothing &amp; Textile (C&amp;T), and Industrial Hardware (IH) must include procurement note L18 when surge requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="IhDIJZ" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="JVkBbE" outputclass="Normal">L18 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Requirements – Instructions to Offerors (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="gCjeua" outputclass="Normal">(1) Each offeror must describe in its proposal its ability to meet the S&amp;S accelerated delivery specified for items critical to support the Department of Defense in conducting contingency operations. These S&amp;S items are identified in Section C with quantities expressed as a Monthly Wartime Rate (MWR) or in a D1-D6 schedule. The S&amp;S quantity and delivery requirements are in addition to peacetime quantities. S&amp;S requirements may be met through access to production capability as well as contractor-owned or contractor-managed inventory or safety stocks.</p>
      <p id="RqstuN" outputclass="Normal">(2) Each offeror must include in its basic proposal a brief description of how it will ramp up to meet accelerated delivery and increased quantities (i.e., surge) and sustain an increased production and delivery pace throughout the contingency (i.e., sustainment). Additionally, each offeror must provide a separate capability assessment plan (CAP) to document its detailed technical approach for covering S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="xjQtfq" outputclass="Normal">(3) If the CAP recommends some type of Government investment, offerors must include their plan for refreshing or replacing S&amp;S material consumed to ensure a continued surge capability. The CAP must include an exit strategy that describes the transition and ramp-down of S&amp;S assets and any remaining Government investment not consumed before contract expiration.</p>
      <p id="cJDTyP" outputclass="Normal">(4) Offerors must provide pricing within the electronic CAP submission for S&amp;S requirements based on the schedule for delivering items in the offeror’s CAP. When S&amp;S pricing exceeds peacetime pricing, the offeror’s proposal must include sufficient description to explain the rationale for the additional costs associated and provide a breakdown of costs to substantiate the pricing. This paragraph (4) does not apply to DLA Troop Support Subsistence.</p>
      <p id="rVJymn" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="SedLOn">(c)Contracting officers will include peacetime and S&amp;S requirements when inserting dollar figures or quantities in FAR 52.216-19, Order Limitations.</p>
      <p id="p__Hlk58500606">(d) Reserved.</p>
      <p id="RjxlIv">(e) Solicitations issued by DLA Troop Support Medical must include procurement note L20 when S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="hGLaFV" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="HfxWHn" outputclass="Normal">L20 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) – Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) – DLA Troop Support – Medical (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="AyKxwF" outputclass="Normal">Offerors must complete the CAP electronically using the industrial preparedness system (IPSYS) industrial capability survey tool through the <xref format="aspx"
               href="https://www.medical.dla.mil/registration/consent/default.aspx"
               scope="external">
            <u>DLA Troop Support DMM online Directorate of Medical Materiel</u>
         </xref>, single sign-on application website at<ph> </ph>
         <xref format="aspx"
               href="https://www.medical.dla.mil/registration/consent/default.aspx"
               scope="external">
            <u>https://www.medical.dla.mil/registration/consent/default.aspx</u>
         </xref>.</p>
      <p id="OUCVlM" outputclass="Normal">* * * * *</p>
      <p id="WICuZH">(f) Solicitations issued by DLA Troop Support Subsistence must include procurement note L21 when S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="pzrpwx" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="FyqlNS" outputclass="Normal">L21 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) – Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) – DLA Troop Support – Subsistence (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="WkflAt" outputclass="Normal">Offerors must submit the CAP for items identified with surge requirements in Section C of the solicitation.</p>
      <p id="xFWtTa" outputclass="Normal">The CAP must—</p>
      <p id="AbXzBu" outputclass="Normal">(1) Outline the offeror’s method of addressing the S&amp;S requirements, whether defined as a percentage of annual demands or by individual line items. If the S&amp;S quantity or delivery requirements cannot be met, the offeror must identify the shortfall and provide the best value solutions to include a proposed strategy to offset the shortfall.</p>
      <p id="OfipAn" outputclass="Normal">(2) Describe how the offeror will reduce peacetime production lead times by 50% to meet S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="Kwdyrr" outputclass="Normal">(3) Provide letters of commitment or other agreements from suppliers and service providers (e.g., additional equipment or warehouse space) confirming they can meet S&amp;S requirements.</p>
      <p id="YBuemT" outputclass="Normal">(4) Provide a plan to continue operations from an alternate facility in the event the primary facility is damaged or otherwise unable to operate at full capacity.</p>
      <p id="sBSPyP" outputclass="Normal">(5) Identify competing priorities for the same resources, and ensure that meeting surge delivery requirements is independent of any other contracts or production requirements.</p>
      <p id="gjWyXb" outputclass="Normal">(6) Identify the lead time for providing required S&amp;S capability.</p>
      <p id="nvJiUD" outputclass="Normal">(7) If applicable, include an exit strategy describing how to transition and ramp-down S&amp;S assets and any Government investment.</p>
      <p id="GeRJai" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="CAhCAL">(g) Solicitations issued by DLA Aviation, DLA Land and Maritime, and DLA Troop Support Medical, Subsistence, Construction &amp; Equipment (C&amp;E), Clothing &amp; Textile (C&amp;T), and Industrial Hardware (IH) must include procurement note M07 when S&amp;S requirements apply.</p>
      <p id="mqgDRD" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="JoOwuy" outputclass="Normal">M07 Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S) Evaluation (FEB 2017)</p>
      <p id="nbzMeO" outputclass="Normal">(1) Capability Assessment Plan (CAP) Evaluation: The CAP will be reviewed and assessed for responsiveness, completeness, and technical merit. The CAP must demonstrate (i) the offeror’s ability to provide the full S&amp;S quantity and meet the delivery requirements as specified in the solicitation; (ii) the technical merits of the proposed solutions to any identified shortfalls in S&amp;S quantity and/or delivery requirements; and (iii) the ability to achieve the solutions without Government investment. If the CAP includes Government investment, the evaluation includes plans to refresh or replace S&amp;S material and related exit strategy to ensure the Government’s continued surge capability.</p>
      <p id="ougZkj" outputclass="Normal">(2) S&amp;S Past Performance History: The quality and extent of the offeror’s historical surge support performance will be considered as part of the overall past performance evaluation. In the absence of or in addition to historical S&amp;S capability support, the contracting officer may consider other relevant performance history that demonstrates the offeror’s ability to respond to and sustain higher than normal production rates or faster than normal delivery requirements, or both.</p>
      <p id="UtFoHn" outputclass="Normal">(3) The contracting officer will include the S&amp;S price in the overall price evaluation.</p>
      <p id="Afzyac" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="ppCfCk">(h) The contracting officer, after coordination with the industrial specialist, submits requests for changes or exceptions to the above procurement notes to the DLA Acquisition Programs Division for approval.</p>
   
   </conbody>
</concept>
