<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_19_301"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">19.301</ph> Representations and rerepresentations.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Contracting officers shall include the following procurement notes in solicitations as prescribed below:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-90) Use procurement note L11 in solicitations above the SAT.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L11 Small Business Program Representations (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) In order to facilitate the use of electronic commerce/electronic data interchange while fulfilling the requirements of the small business program, the Government provides certain socioeconomic information in a coded format rather than a fill-in. Electronic commerce/electronic data interchange (EC/EDI) transactions are often reformatted in transmission. Using these codes prevents misinterpretations within the system and increases accuracy in socioeconomic program reporting.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) To reflect the representations and certifications contained in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-1, Small Business Program Representations, the offeror represents and certifies as a part of its offer that it is a ____ business type as defined in FAR 52.219-1. The offeror shall select the one alpha code from the following listing that represents the offeror’s business type. The offeror’s recording of its business type in this procurement note by means of an alpha code replaces the marking of the appropriate boxes in FAR 52.219-1(b). Penalties for misrepresentation of business status apply (see FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (d)(2)).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Code B = Small Business. Enter code B if your firm is a small business concern, as defined in FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (a).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Code M = Small Disadvantaged Business. Enter code M if your firm is a small disadvantaged business concern, as defined in FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (a).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Code U = Woman-Owned Small Disadvantaged Business. Enter code U if your firm is a woman-owned business, as defined in FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (a), and a small disadvantaged business, as defined in FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (a).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Code W = Woman-Owned Small Business. Enter Code W if your firm is a woman-owned small business, as defined in FAR 52.219-1, paragraph (a).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-91) Use procurement note L12 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold and less than or equal to the SAT; or when an exception to the rule applies, and a set-aside to a HUBZone small business concern or small business concern is anticipated.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L12 Combined Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone)/Small Business Set-Aside Instructions – Type 1 (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This solicitation is restricted to HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns, and Federal Prison Industries (FPI). The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit quotations. The Government will make awards based on the following order of set-aside precedence:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(a) HUBZone small business concerns (Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219-3).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(b) If no qualified quote is received from a HUBZone small business concern at a fair market price, small business concerns (FAR 52.219-6) or FPI (FAR 52.219-6, Alternate II).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The FAR clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraph (b) of 52.219-3) apply to the solicitation. Only the FAR clause matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation applies to the award.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-92) Use procurement note L14 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold and less than or equal to the SAT; or when an exception to the rule applies, and a set-aside to a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concerns, a HUBZone concern, or a small business concern is anticipated.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L14 Combined Set-Aside Instructions – Type 1 (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This solicitation is restricted to small business concerns and Federal Prison Industries (FPI). The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit quotations. The Government will make awards based on the following order of set-aside precedence:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(a) Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concerns (Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-27).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(b) If no qualified quote is received from an SDVOSB concern at a fair market price, historically underutilized business zone (HUBZone) small business concerns (FAR 52.219-3).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(c) If no qualified quote is received from a HUBZone small business concern at a fair market price, small business concerns (FAR 52.219-6) or FPI (FAR 52.219-6, Alternate II).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The FAR clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraphs (b) of 52.219-3 and 52.219-27) apply to the solicitation. Only the FAR clause matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation applies to the award.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-93) Use procurement note L16 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold and less than or equal to the SAT when the non-manufacturer rule  is not waived; or when an exception to the rule applies, and a side-aside to an SDVOSB concern or a small business concern is anticipated.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L16 Combined Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business/Small Business Set-Aside Instructions – Type 1 (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This solicitation is restricted to small business concerns and Federal Prison Industries (FPI). The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit quotations. The Government will make awards based on the following order of set-aside precedence:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(a) Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns (Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-27).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(b) If no qualified quote is received from a SDVOSB concern at a fair market price, small business concerns (FAR 52.219-6, Alternate I) or FPI (FAR 52.219-6, Alternate II).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The FAR clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraph 52.219-27) apply to the solicitation. Only the FAR clause matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation applies to the award.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-94) Use procurement note L17 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold but less than or equal to the SAT when the non-manufacturer rule is waived, no exception to the rule applies, and a set-aside to a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern or a small business concern is anticipated.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">L17 Combined Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business/Small Business Set-Aside Instructions – Type 2 (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This solicitation is restricted to service-disabled veteran-owned small business, small business concerns, and Federal Prison Industries (FPI). The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit quotations. The Government will make awards based on the following order of set-aside precedence:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(a) Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concerns (Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) <xref href="http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/regs/far2afmcfars/fardfars/far/52_215.htm"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">52.219-27</xref>).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(b) If no qualified quote is received from a SDVOSB concern at a fair market price, small business concerns (FAR <xref href="http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/regs/far2afmcfars/fardfars/far/52_215.htm"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">52.219-6</xref>, Alternate I) or FPI (FAR 52.219-6, Alternate II).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The FAR clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraph (b) of 52.219-27) apply to the solicitation. Only the FAR clause matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation applies to the award.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
