<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_33_103" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">33.103</ph> Protests to the agency.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(c) Procuring organizations shall consider using Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) techniques in resolving agency level protests.</p>
      <p>(d)(4) Protesters may submit a protest to the contracting officer or may request an independent review by the CCO under the authority of Executive Order (EO) Number 12979, Agency Procurement Protests, as implemented by FAR 33.103(d). The CCO’s authority may not be delegated. If the CCO had previous personal involvement with the procurement, the decision-maker shall be the HCA. All protest decisions require legal review. Solicitations must include procurement note L06 or language substantially as follows:</p>
      <p>*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">L06 Agency Protests (DEC 2016)</p>
      <p>Interested parties may file an agency level protest with the contracting officer or may request an independent review by the chief of the contracting office (CCO). Independent review by the CCO is an alternative to consideration by the contracting officer and is not available as an appellate review of a contracting officer decision on a protest previously filed with the contracting officer. Absent a clear indication of the intent to file an agency level protest with the CCO for independent review, protests will be presumed to be protests to the contracting officer.</p>
      <p>*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
