<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_42_202" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">42.202</ph> Assignment of contract administration.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(a) Delegating functions.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) Contracting officers shall manually attach or forward, as applicable, copies of all documentation incorporated into the contract by reference when providing a copy of the contract to the cognizant contract administration office.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-90) Delegate contract administration to DCMA for contracts and orders that require—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(i) Source inspection/acceptance (I/A) by DCMA (excludes drugs, biologics, and other medical supplies) when the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is responsible for quality assurance, and items procured for the Wildland Fire Protection Program);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ii) ACO support for cost-type, labor-hour, or time-and-material contracts;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iii) ACO support for progress payment or performance-based payment financing terms.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-91) DLA procuring organizations shall not delegate administration to DCMA when the contract payment office is designated as SL4701, destination I/A applies, and no DCMA support is required.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-92) In addition to the conditions in 42.202(a)(S-90), the following contract requirements may justify DCMA administration, whether the contract provides for source or destination I/A:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(i) Government property;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Plant clearance;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iii) Production surveillance of criticality designator A or B contracts when requesting DCMA delivery surveillance;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iv) Classified data (DD Form 254, Contract Security Classification Specification);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(v) First article testing (FAT);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(vi) Foreign military sales (FMS);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(vii) Critical safety items (CSIs);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(viii) Higher-level contract quality requirements;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ix) Economic price adjustments, unless administered by MOCAS and paid by DFAS;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(x) DCRL treatment code 07;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xi) High-risk suppliers (e.g., surplus dealers, kitters);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xii) High-risk items (e.g., those with PQDRs);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xiii) Contracts administered by MOCAS and paid by DFAS;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xiv) Hazardous Material;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xv) Arms, Ammunition, or Explosives; and</p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(xvi) Safety of Flight.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-93) When DLA retains contract administration and the contract includes a duty free clause, contracting officers shall use the DCMA eTool. Contracting officers shall request registration through the <xref href="https://eadf.dcma.mil/ewam2/registration/setup.do" scope="external" format="do">
            <u>DCMA External Web Access Management (EWAM) Application</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://eadf.dcma.mil/ewam2/registration/setup.do" scope="external" format="do">
            <u>https://eadf.dcma.mil/ewam2/registration/setup.do</u>
         </xref>).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-94) DLA may retain administration of a basic LTC but require DCMA administration of specific orders on a case-by-case basis. In those instances when some LTC delivery orders require DCMA administration and some require DLA administration, the contracting officer shall identify DLA as the administration office and state which items require DCMA administration. The contracting officer shall notify DCMA by email when the LTC identifies certain orders for DCMA administration. To ensure acceptance of subsequent delivery orders, DCMA will retrieve the basic contract from EDA for input into MOCAS. If all orders on an LTC require DCMA administration, the contracting officer shall identify the cognizant contract administration office in the contract.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
