<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_46_402"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">46.402</ph> Government contract quality assurance at source.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">(S-90) Additional requirements that may preclude destination I/A are those associated with—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Critical safety items (CSIs);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Complex assemblies;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Items requiring first article testing (FAT);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Hazardous material (HAZMAT);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Items acquired for foreign military sales (FMS);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Higher level quality requirements;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Arms, ammunition or explosives;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Safety of Flight;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) Bulk fuel deliveries; or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) Suppliers with significant quality issues (e.g., Product Quality Deficiency Reports (PQDRs)). (Reference 42.202.) The product specialist will provide a quality assurance letter of instruction (QALI) to the DCMA contract administration office when a contractor has previous quality issues. If a contracting officer deviates from the Material Master due to quality issues, they shall notify the product specialist to issue a QALI.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-91) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inspection and acceptance on contracts past the contract delivery date of contract line item (CLIN)</i>. The DLA Acquisition Director authorizes DCMA to continue performing surveillance and accepting materiel past the contract delivery date per CLIN for ALL contracts, including those with line items that are greater than 180 days past the delivery date, without requiring authorization from the PCO. DCMA is authorized to continue performing surveillance and accepting material past the delivery date unless otherwise notified by the PCO. The PCO shall generally engage and advise DCMA ACO of any contractual issues affecting timely performance, including identifying contracts under consideration for a termination for default/cause or termination for convenience. If the PCO issues a cure or show cause notice, the PCO shall forward a copy of the notice to DCMA ACO. Inspection and acceptance of late materiel does not relieve the contractor of its obligations under the contract.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(S-92) Contracting officers shall include procurement note E06 in solicitations and contracts that require source inspection and acceptance.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Inspection and acceptance are at source. The place of acceptance is the location where the Government conducts the last inspection before shipment, unless the contractor indicated a different physical location for acceptance below.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The contractor shall indicate the location where supplies will be inspected, if different from the production location:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code:____________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Address:______________________________________________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Applicable to contract line item numbers(s) (CLIN(s)):_________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The contractor shall indicate the location where packaging will be inspected, if different from the production location:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">( ) Same as for supplies OR</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE code: __________________________________________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Address: _____________________________________________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Applicable to CLIN(s): __________________________________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The contractor shall indicate the location where supplies will be accepted, if different from the inspection location:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code:____________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Address:______________________________________________________________________</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Applicable to contract line item numbers(s) (CLIN(s)):_________________________________</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(S-92) Contracting officers shall solicit in accordance with the material master. Contracting officers shall include procurement note E07 in solicitations that require destination inspection.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">E07 Evaluation Factor for Origin Inspection (JAN 2018)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">This solicitation contemplates an award based on destination inspection. If an offeror proposes inspection and acceptance at origin, the Government will add an evaluation factor of $2,500 to the offeror’s quoted/offered price for each origin inspection required. If phased deliveries are required or offered, the Government will consider each phase of delivery to result in one inspection for evaluation purposes.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
