<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_53_213-90"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">53.213-90</ph> Blanket purchase agreement delivery ticket (DLA Form 470).</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">This form may be used when supplies or services are acquired by means of a blanket purchase agreement (BPA).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a) General. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Form 470 is a cut sheet form and is designed to be used by the vendor as an acknowledgment of a call, notice of shipment, packing list, and invoice. This form eliminates the need for preparation, by the Contractor, of separate forms for these purposes. Also, Government personnel requiring information on these forms will receive it on a standard format.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(b) Procedure. A supply of the forms may be provided by the contracting office to each Contractor who has entered into a BPA with the center. Upon the placing of a call, the Contractor may be required to complete the BPA delivery ticket based on information contained in the written or oral call in accordance with detailed instructions to be provided by the contracting office.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(c) General instructions for preparation of DLA Form 470. After the placing of each call, complete the call, complete the form in accordance with the general instructions below, and any specific instructions received with the placing of the call.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Block 11. This is the date the supplies are to reach destination, not the date of shipment. Convert the number of delivery days the Government offered to an actual date. For example, if the Government offered a 30-day delivery and received the oral or written call on 1 October, enter 10/31/YY as the required date.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Block 12. This is the date the supplies are to be shipped, not delivered.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Blocks 13 through 19. Information for these blocks will be furnished by the contracting office at the time of the call. Enter the name and address of the consignee in block 15.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Blocks 21 through 23. Entries in these blocks will be made at the time of shipment. Enter actual date shipped or delivered. No partial shipments to a particular destination may be made.  If more than one shipment is made against a call, prepare two copies of this form for shipment. Copies of the shipping documents may be attached as an alternative to completing blocks 21 and 22.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) When using the form as an acknowledgment of call. Place a check mark on "*" copies of the form in the box "Acknowledgment of call" (block 9).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) When using this form as a notice of shipment.  Place a check mark in the box "Packing list" (block 9) on "*" copies of the form in the box "Notice of shipment" (block 9).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) When using the form as a packing list. Place a check mark in the box "packing list" (block 9) on "*" copies of the reproduced form for each consignee.  Be sure blocks 21 through 23 have been completed, as applicable, on the forms used. Send "*" copies to each consignee by placing copies inside the container or in an envelope attached to the exterior of the container.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) When using this form as an invoice. At the end of the billing period, fill in "*" copies of the reproduced form which includes the shipment data for all destinations of that call as follows:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Place a mark in the box marked invoice (block 9) of each copy of the form.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Sign and date blocks 24 and 25 of the top copy only of the form. If the BPA under which this call was issued does not provide for the fast payment procedure, the top copy must contain the signature and date (blocks 27A and 27B) of the authorized Government representative receiving and/or accepting for the Government.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">"*" The number required shall be in accordance with the needs of the contracting office.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
