<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DLAD_7_102" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">7.102</ph> Policy.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(a) Written acquisition plans are required for all acquisitions expected to exceed the
            simplified acquisition threshold (SAT), including those accomplished by means of direct
            or assisted acquisitions using non-DoD contract vehicles such as Federal Supply
            Schedules. Actions exempt from this requirement are:</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) Individual orders (except orders greater than the SAT against
            non-DoD contracts) against contracts when the contract-level acquisition plan is
            adequate to cover all anticipated orders and the order is issued in strict compliance
            with the terms of the basic contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) A modification of the contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) Acquisition of replenishment parts, below DFARS 207.103
            thresholds (where applicable).</p>
      <p>(b) Acquisition plans shall be completed and approved prior to solicitation issuance. The
            clearance authority levels in DLAD <xref href="1.690-1.dita#DLAD_1_690-1">
            <u>1.690-1</u>1.690-1 Establishment of clearance authority.</xref>
            apply.</p>
      <p>(c) For urgent requirements, the HCA is authorized to waive the requirement for approval
            prior to solicitation issuance.</p>
      <p>(d) Reserved.</p>
      <p>(e) The level of detail provided in the acquisition plan should be commensurate with the
            complexity and dollar value of the acquisition.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) The acquisition plan shall accompany justifications for other
            than full and open competition (see FAR 6.301 and FAR 6.304) when submitted to the
            procuring organization competition advocate (COMPAD). Procuring organization COMPADs
            shall also be provided a copy of the acquisition plan for acquisitions with a history of
            only one offer received and with no expectation of price competition.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
