<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_7_103"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">7.103</ph> Agency-head        responsibilities.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a) Procuring organization COMPADs, small business specialists, technical personnel, and
            program managers are the resources to assist contracting officers in expanding
            competition.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(b) Procuring organization COMPADs, small business specialists, technical personnel, and
            program managers are the resources to assist contracting officers in expanding the use
            of commercial items.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(d)(i)(B) An acquisition valued over the SAT but less than $50 million for all years
            requires a written streamlined acquisition plan (SAP) (see template in <xref href="53.9007.dita#DLAD_53_9007/p_P53_9007_a" class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">53.9007(a)</u>53.9007 Acquisition planning.</xref>). For acquisitions valued $50
            million or more for all years or $25 million or more for any fiscal year, follow DFARS
            207.103(d)(i)(B).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(g)(1) All service requirements require written review, validation, prioritization and
            approval/disapproval by the Decision Authority as directed in DLA Manual 5000.74, DLA
            Acquisition of Services.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Program managers, functional service managers, requirements
            generators, requirements owners, and requirements analysts must—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Obtain approval of all service requirements under their purview
            by the appropriate Decision Authority, who must provide approval of service requirements
            before the contracting officer develops an acquisition strategy; and</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Provide to the cognizant contracting office a complete package
            as directed in DLA Manual 5000.74 including appropriate documentation that the service
            requirement is approved and funded.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting officers must:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Obtain documentation of the review, validation, approval, and
            funding of service requirements with the requirements package; and</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Include a statement in the acquisition plan that the
            documentation of the review, validation, approval, and funding of the service
            requirements demonstrates the requirement is valid, approved, and funded.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
