<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_8_9000"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">8.9000</ph> FedMall.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a) This subpart implements section 332 of the National Defense Authorization Act for
            Fiscal Year 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), which requires a single, Defense-wide electronic
            mall system for supply purchases. “FedMall” has the same meaning as the term “electronic
            mall system,” defined at 10 U.S.C. 2451 Note (a).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) FedMall is an eCommerce ordering system for DoD, Federal, State,
            and authorized local Agencies to search for and acquire products from government
            reserves and commercial sources. FedMall provides access to tens of millions of
            individual items of supply from centrally managed DoD and General Service Administration
            (GSA) assets to commercial off-the-shelf products. Access the <xref href="https://www.fedmall.mil/"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">FedMall
                    Website</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://www.fedmall.mil/"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://www.fedmall.mil/</u>
         </xref>).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contracting eBusiness, Defense Pricing and Contracting (DPC) in
            the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), is the DoD
            Executive Agent for FedMall.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) DLA Logistics Operations (J3) is responsible for the integrated
            material management of items placed on FedMall.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) DLA Information Operations is responsible for Information
            Technology (IT) operations, architecture, and information assurance for the FedMall
            program.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) The DLA Contracting Services Office (DCSO) is responsible for
            awarding and administering the DLA-managed Federal Supply Schedules for FedMall (see
                <xref href="38.9002.dita" xtrc="38.9002" class="- topic/xref "/>).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) DLA may restrict items or types of items from placement on
            FedMall.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) FedMall catalogs will not include Qualified Product List (QPL)
            and critical safety items.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) DLA-stocked NSNs will not be placed on FedMall unless the
            contract contains a unique ordering corridor available only to DLA personnel.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FedMall</i>
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> catalog and item management reviews</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Each procuring organization will appoint a FedMall point of
            contact—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) To review and approve FedMall items;</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Address any FedMall-related issues of the procurement
            organization; and</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Aid in FedMall issue resolution.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) DLA Logistics Operations (J3) and DLA procuring organizations
            will review and approve items for inclusion on DoD FedMall contracts.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The DLA Information Operations FedMall Program Management Office
            will periodically conduct reviews of FedMall catalog items for information assurance
            after contract award and throughout the life of the contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Prior to adding items to a DLA-Managed Federal Supply Schedule
            for FedMall (see <xref href="38.9002.dita" xtrc="38.9002" class="- topic/xref "/>), DCSO will
            perform a review of the catalog to cross-reference part numbered items to NSNs.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(d) Ordering.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) Ordering against contracts on FedMall is subject to the ordering
            requirements applicable to the particular contract. Ordering activities are responsible
            for complying with ordering requirements, including competition requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Ordering from FedMall may be—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Authorized for DoD contractors in accordance with Subpart <xref href="SUBPART_51.1.dita" xtrc="51.1" class="- topic/xref "/>; and</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Conducted using the Government-wide commercial purchase card
            (see <xref href="13.301.dita" xtrc="13.301" class="- topic/xref "/>).</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
