<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_9_105-1"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">9.105-1</ph> Obtaining        information.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-90) When making determinations of responsibility, review the DCRL
            and comply with DCRL Special Attention Treatment Codes in Enterprise Central Component
            (SAP-ECC) and Supplier Relationship Management (SAP SRM/EProcurement).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) For the automated simplified purchasing process, the system
            checks the DCRL. An offeror debarred or suspended is deemed not qualified for award and
            not considered in automated evaluation. Low evaluated offers from offerors on the DCRL
            (for other than debarred and suspended) are rejected from the automated system for
            manual determination of responsibility.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contractors on the DCRL shall be considered for solicitation
            (except when the Special Attention Reason Code is “A” or the Special Attention Treatment
            Code is “08”).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) When the DCRL Special Attention Treatment Code description states
            “review Contractor Performance History,” request a Contractor Performance History.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Confirm the information in SAM not more than four business days
            prior to award, and document the contract file<b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">; </b>except that contracting officers
            at DLA Maritime at Mechanicsburg and DLA Aviation Philadelphia DLR have authority to
            confirm information in SAM more than four business days prior to releasing award in the
            Integrated Technical, Item Management and Procurement (ITIMP) contract-writing system,
            in accordance with DEVIATION 20-06.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-91) DCRL Monitors.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Each Procurement Process Support Director shall designate a DCRL
            monitor. Referrals to the DCRL Monitor shall be for any of the reasons identified in the
            DCRL Special Attention Reason Code table below.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">(</b>2) DCRL Monitors shall review referrals for approval and
            execution of submission to add, amend, or remove a contractor to/from the DCRL in
            coordination with all DCRL Monitors. DCRL Monitors are responsible for maintaining the
            DCRL for their procuring organization and shall review the DCRL every month for
            currency.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Contracting officers, product specialists or the Office of
            Counsel shall provide notification of contractor improvement and recommendation for DCRL
            removal to their DCRL Monitor if they become aware of circumstances that may warrant
            changes to the DCRL information.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i)<b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "> </b>The contracting officer may discuss performance
            information included in the DCRL with prospective contractor(s). However, contracting
            officers must not discuss any information related to ongoing investigations of matters
            that potentially could result in Civil or Criminal False Claims Act litigation, or a
            suspension, notice of proposed debarment, or debarment action. “Investigations” would
            include those conducted by the Defense Criminal Investigation Service, the respective
            Military Services Investigation Agencies; the Federal Bureau of Investigation and any
            other Federal Investigative Agency. contracting officers should consult with their
            Office of Counsel’s Procurement Fraud Attorney if they have any doubt whether the
            release of information could potentially compromise the Government’s ability to conduct
            a confidential investigation.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-92) The DCRL Review Board. The DCRL Review Board is responsible
            for reviewing actions of the DCRL Monitors and ensuring the contractor listing is
            accurate and current.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Membership consists of all DCRL Monitors, Fraud Counsel, DLA
            Logistics Operations Technical and Quality Division, and the DLA Acquisition Compliance,
            Policy and Pricing Division. The DLA Acquisition Programs Division will chair the board
            meetings. The Board shall–</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Meet quarterly.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Review the list of the current authorized DCRL contractor
            entries.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Resolve any concerns or questions pertaining to the DCRL
            purpose and processes for entry or removal of a contractor from the DCRL.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Publish and provide minutes from meetings to the DLA Acquisition
                Director<b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "> </b>and the HCAs not later than ten business days after the DCRL Review
            Board meeting.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Contractors shall be removed from the DCRL when—</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The conditions that warranted their inclusion on the DCRL no
            longer exist or have substantially improved; and/or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The DCRL Monitor determines that information provided by
            acquisition personnel is not sufficient to justify retention of the contractor on the
            DCRL.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-93) The DCRL Special Attention Reason Codes and Treatment
            Codes.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Recommendations/instructions are cited for each supplier/CAGE
            code listed and are to provide visibility of known/potential areas of concern and
            actions that shall be taken to address such issues. When a preaward survey (PAS) (see
                <xref href="9.106-2.dita#DLAD_9_106-2" class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">9.106-2</u>9.106-2 Requests for preaward surveys (PAS).</xref>) results in a negative DCRL
            recommendation for a small business who is the apparent successful offeror resulting in
            a negative responsibility determination, then an SBA Certificate of Competency is
            required. The only instances of “do not award” involve cases of debarment, suspension,
            and proposed debarment except as otherwise directed by the Fraud Monitor or Business
            Integrity (Fraud) Counsel.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Special Attention Reason Codes. For DCRL Special Attention Reason
            Code A, the EProcurement “Debarment Status” field will be coded as: “D” for Debarment, a
            “P” for proposed debarment/suspension, or “S” for suspended.</p>
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" colsep="1" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="col1"
                     colwidth="54pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="col2"
                     colwidth="132.75pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="col3"
                     colwidth="294.35pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p id="p_ColumnTitle_Special_Attn_Reason_Codes" class="- topic/p ">DCRL Special
                                Attention Reason Codes</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Description</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Help Text</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">A</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Suspended or Debarred</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Debarred, Suspended or Otherwise Ineligible</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">This category
                                includes firms or individuals that are ineligible for federal
                                procurements due to a suspension, proposal for debarment or
                                debarment pursuant to FAR 9.4.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">B</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recommended for Debarment</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recommended For Debarment or Suspension.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">This category
                                includes contractors that have been recommended for debarment or
                                suspension. Although these contractors are not ineligible for award,
                                follow the treatment code.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">C</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Responsibility Matters</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters. This category
                                includes contractors that have certified in accordance with FAR
                                52.209-5 that they have had a criminal conviction or civil judgment
                                for fraud in the past three years or are currently indicted or
                                otherwise criminally or civilly charged with fraud.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">D</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Termination for Default</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Termination for Default. Contractors in this category have been
                                terminated for default within the previous twelve
                            months.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">E</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Financial Difficulties</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Financial Difficulties (Including Chapter 11 Bankruptcy).
                                Contractors are included in this category when information is
                                received from DCMA or other sources that indicates the contractor is
                                having financial difficulties. Such difficulties include contractor
                                indebtedness that may jeopardize timely completion of the contract
                                or contractor application for reorganization under bankruptcy laws
                                (Chapter 11). Information may include formal bankruptcy
                                notifications, or information informally obtained from credible
                                sources.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">F</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Chapter 7 Bankruptcy</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Business Closings (Including Chapter 7 Bankruptcy). This category
                                includes contractors and individuals who have ceased business
                                operations, are in the process of liquidating under bankruptcy laws
                                (Chapter 7), or are otherwise going out of business.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">G</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Negative Preaward Survey</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Negative Preaward Survey. Contractors are included in this
                                category when a preaward survey (PAS) that recommends no award has
                                been received within the last twelve months.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">H</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">DCMA Imposed Corrective Action</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">DCMA Has Imposed Corrective Action. Contractors are included in
                                this category when DCMA has found deficiencies in the contractors'
                                quality system and has imposed a Corrective Action (CAR) Level III
                                or IV Review.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">I</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">In DCMA Delivery Schedule Manager </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">DCMA Delivery Schedule Manager. DCMA has relevant information
                                concerning contractors in this category.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">J</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Delinquent Performance</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Delinquent Performance. This category includes contractors that
                                have exhibited a pattern of delinquencies. </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">K</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">“Buy-Ins” or “Bid Shopping”</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">"Buy-ins" and "Bid Shopping." This category includes contractors
                                that have had excessive cancellations, price increases and requests
                                for modification after award. These practices indicate a "buy-in",
                                "bid shopping", or other unacceptable bidding practices. This code
                                applies to contractors that: (1) "Bid shop after award" that result
                                in frequent inability to furnish supplies in accordance with the
                                quotation that led to the award. (2) Submit frequent requests for
                                deviations or waivers, clarification, and substitution of part
                                numbers, most of which lacks substance but prevents compliance with
                                the original delivery date. (3) Frequently return purchase orders
                                for price increase. (4) Frequently notify the contracting activity
                                that it will not perform under purchase orders just prior to due
                                date in an apparent effort to reduce its delinquency rate. (5)
                                Frequently fail to accept bilateral or perform unilateral purchase
                                orders.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">L</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Pricing Discrepancies</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Pricing Discrepancies (Excessive prices). Contractors are in this
                                category when information indicates prices may not be fair and
                                reasonable.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">M</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Fast Pay Discrepancies</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Fast Pay Discrepancies/Abuse Contractors are included in this
                                category when there is evidence that a contractor is violating or
                                has violated the Fast Pay procedure (e.g., contractor has invoiced
                                the Government without shipping the supplies).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">N</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Potentially Defective Material</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Potentially Defective Material. Any DoD component has issued
                                notifications regarding potentially defective material supplied by
                                contracts in this category.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">O</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Counterfeit Material and Unauthorized Substitution</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT
                                    DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Counterfeit Material and Unauthorized Product Substitution.
                                Contractors in this category are under surveillance by the
                                Counterfeit Material/Unauthorized Product Substitution (CM/UPS)
                                Team.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">P</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Nonconforming Supplies</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Nonconforming Supplies. This category includes contractors for
                                which evidence has been provided that a contractor has supplied
                                nonconforming material, has supplied surplus material without
                                quoting surplus material, has supplied foreign material without
                                identifying country of origin, or has other questionable quality
                                practices.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Q</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Failure to Provide Approved Part</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Failure to Provide Approved Part. This category includes
                                contractors that have a pattern of supplying unapproved parts or
                                making an unauthorized substitution for CAGE code/part numbered
                                items.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">R</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Miscellaneous</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Miscellaneous (Other Information). This category serves as an
                                informational category providing contracting personnel with current
                                status of administrative changes, business closings, transfer of
                                ownership, change of location, change of CAGE code, multiple
                                contractors at the same location or any other information that may
                                assist in the decision process. See the "Remarks" section of the
                                DCRL for instructions.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">S</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Sensitive Information</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Sensitive Information. Specific instructions apply to contractors
                                listed in this category. These instructions are not necessarily
                                related to responsibility and the reason for placement in this
                                category shall not be stated in the DCRL due to sensitivity. The
                                "Remarks" section of the DCRL may contain a point of contact for
                                information regarding these contractors. Sensitive information
                                regarding these contractors shall not be disclosed to unauthorized
                                persons.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">T</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">NIST SP 800-171</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Contractors in this category have failed to upload a NIST SP
                                800-171 basic self-assessment score in the Supplier Performance Risk
                                System (SPRS) in accordance with DFARS clause 252.204–7012,
                                Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident
                                Reporting, DFARS Provision 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800-171
                                DoD Assessment Requirements, and DFARS Clause 252.204-7020, NIST SP
                                800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">V</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Suspected Fraud or Collusion</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Suspected Fraud or Collusion/Deceptive Business
                            Practices.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">W</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Combined CAGE Codes</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Combined CAGE Codes. Performance history for two or more CAGE
                                codes have been combined for PPIRS purposes.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DO NOT
                                    DISCUSS</b>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Special Attention Treatment codes.</p>
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" colsep="1" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="col1"
                     colwidth="63pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="col2"
                     colwidth="140.25pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="col3"
                     colwidth="246.35pt"
                     rowheader="headers"
                     class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p id="p_ColumnTitle_Special_Attn_Treatment_Codes" class="- topic/p ">DCRL Special
                                Attention Treatment Codes</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Description</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Help Text</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">01</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Reserved</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Reserved</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">02</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Evidence of PID MFR Part Number</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">For Part Numbered items, get evidence item was acquired from
                                Manufacturer (MFR) cited in the Product Item Description
                            (PID).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">03</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Traceability requirements</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">For FSGs/FSCs/NSNs requiring additional risk mitigation and the
                                offeror is not identified as an approved source, require the offeror
                                to submit traceability documentation.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">04</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Withhold Fast Pay Recommended.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Withholding of Fast Pay recommended.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">05</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recom PAS &gt; SAT/ Verbal PAS or Vendor Capability Questionnaire
                                (VCQ) &lt; SAT.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recommend Preaward Surveys for large buys/verbal preaward surveys
                                and/or VCQ for simplified buys.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">06</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Fraud Monitor Coordination Required.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Forward any proposed awards through Fraud Monitor.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">07</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Source Inspection Recommended.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Source Inspection recommended (use of source inspection evaluation
                                factor authorized after formal notification to
                            contractor).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">08</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Do not solicit or award.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Do not solicit or award.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">09</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Review Contractor Performance History.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Review Contractor Performance History (CPH).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">10</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Report Suspect Material to Fraud Monitor.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Report suspected material problems to Business Integrity (Fraud)
                                Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">11</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate with DCMA.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate with DCMA.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">12</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Corrective Action Report Level IV approval required.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">CAR Level IV, approval required for award.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">13</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Bilateral Award Email to Fraud Monitor.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Bilateral Award – email contractor’s name and CAGE,
                                contract/purchase order no., and NSN to Fraud Monitor.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">14</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate Mods with Fraud Monitor.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Post award – Coordinate all administrative actions (modifications)
                                with Fraud Monitor or Fraud Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">15</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Deter Resp/Nonresp required.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Prepare formal determination of
                                responsibility/nonresponsibility.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">16</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">CAGE Combined for SPRS Info.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">This CAGE Code has been combined with other CAGE codes for SPRS
                                purposes (For Informational Purposes Only).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">17</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate Cost and Price Office</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate with Cost and Price Office</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">18</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Report to Fraud Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Report to Business Integrity (Fraud) Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">19</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate with Office of Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Coordinate with Office of Counsel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">20</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to DCRL Narrative Detail.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to DCRL Narrative for details.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">26</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recommend price reasonableness.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recommend documentation of price reasonableness.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row rowsep="1" class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">27</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Suspend automated awards.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Suspend from automated systems (case by case basis).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-94) Other Risk Indicators: Obtain additional information to make
            responsibility/nonresponsibility determination.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) Supplier Risk Indicators:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) No DLA history (new vendor);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Poor SPRS Score or no SPRS Score;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Poor Delivery Performance;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Poor Quality Performance (excessive PQDRs/SDRs);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Negative Preaward Survey (PAS) within 12 months;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) History of fraud or collusion;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) History of providing non-conforming, defective products, or
            counterfeit items;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Terminated for Default for the same FSC/NIIN within 3
            years;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) Bankruptcy within last 3 years;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) DCMA Corrective Action Requests (CAR);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) The offeror is on the SAM Excluded Parties List System (EPLS)
            within the last 3 years;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xii) The offeror is currently showing signs of financial distress,
            or has a history of delinquent payments and /or financial difficulty;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiii) Manufacturer’s CAGE identified in offer differs from CAGE code
            of the approved manufacturing source in solicitation;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xiv) The offeror is reluctant or unable to provide traceability
            documentation;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xv) The offeror’s phone number, address, e-mail, or other vital
            information is missing, invalid, or suspicious;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xvi) The offeror is a dealer but identifies itself as the
            manufacturer; and/or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xvii) The offeror is a manufacturer, but its place of business is in
            a residential neighborhood.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Price Risk Indicators:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The price offered is lower than price of approved source or its
            authorized distributor;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The price offered is out of line with other offers or past
            pricing history; and/or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The price offered for new product is lower than price offered
            for surplus material.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) High Risk Item with technical data package (TDP) and no record of
            successful performance in the FSC (e.g., critical safety, ALRE, complex TDP, FAT).</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(S-95) Consider contract risk mitigation when a contractor can be
            determined responsible but risk factors are present.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) No Fast Pay.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Bilateral Purchase Order.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Code and Part Number Buy: Request Traceability Preaward and
            Post-Award.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Specification/Standard/Drawing buy: Require source inspection (if
            appropriate), no COC, require PVT.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) Super Key Item Drivers with FAT: Split award between proven
            (waived) and unproven sources.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) Request the product specialist to prepare a Quality Assurance
            Letter of Instruction (QALI) when additional instructions or guidance are required on
            source inspection.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">(S-96)(1) Business decision analytics (BDA) job aids. The following job aids and training
            material can be viewed online:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">BDA Item Model Job Aid</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">BDA Price Model Job Aid</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">BDA Supplier Model Job Aid</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">CAGE Compromised Job Aid (General Counsel and other designated users
            only)</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Select the following:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <xref href="https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">DLA Enterprise Business Portal </u>
         </xref>(<xref href="https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal</u>
         </xref>);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) <xref href="https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">DLA Enterprise Business Portal </u>
         </xref>(<xref href="https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal"
               scope="external"
               format="html"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://pep1.bsm.dla.mil/irj/portal</u>
         </xref>);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) (<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/P1/ebs/Pages/ONLINEHELP.aspx"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">EBS Online
                    Help</u>
         </xref>),(<ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/P1/ebs/Pages/ONLINEHELP.aspx</u>
         </ph>);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) <xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?RootFolder=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT&amp;FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx?RootFolder=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT&amp;FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">EProcurement</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?RootFolder=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT&amp;FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx?RootFolder=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT&amp;FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?RootFolder=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT&amp;FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231</u>
         </xref>);</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) <xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231&amp;viewid=bb1b25a6%2D56d8%2D4398%2Dac48%2D5f987c946cca&amp;id=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT%2FBDA"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx?FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231&amp;viewid=bb1b25a6%2D56d8%2D4398%2Dac48%2D5f987c946cca&amp;id=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT%2FBDA"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">Business Decision Analytics (BDA) </u>
         </xref>(<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231&amp;viewid=bb1b25a6%2D56d8%2D4398%2Dac48%2D5f987c946cca&amp;id=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT%2FBDA"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx?FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231&amp;viewid=bb1b25a6%2D56d8%2D4398%2Dac48%2D5f987c946cca&amp;id=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT%2FBDA"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://dlamil.dps.mil/sites/InfoOps/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx?FolderCTID=0x012000D3D259D71343A94E992AA17310CB0231&amp;viewid=bb1b25a6%2D56d8%2D4398%2Dac48%2D5f987c946cca&amp;id=%2Fsites%2FInfoOps%2FShared%20Documents%2FEBS%20ONLINE%20HELP%2FePROCUREMENT%2FBDA</u>
         </xref>);
            and</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) <xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BAA99BEB2-862B-42F2-A7E5-4DE86099455E%7D&amp;file=BDA%20Supplier%20by%20CAGE%20Job%20Aid%20-%20Procurement.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"
               scope="external"
               format="doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">BDA
                    Supplier Risk Analysis by CAGE Code Model Job Aid</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BAA99BEB2-862B-42F2-A7E5-4DE86099455E%7D&amp;file=BDA%20Supplier%20by%20CAGE%20Job%20Aid%20-%20Procurement.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"
               scope="external"
               format="doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BAA99BEB2-862B-42F2-A7E5-4DE86099455E%7D&amp;file=BDA%20Supplier%20by%20CAGE%20Job%20Aid%20-%20Procurement.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true</u>
         </xref>).</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
