<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="DLAD_9_202"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">9.202</ph> Policy.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">(a)(1) The CCO is the designee.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) QPL and QML qualification requirement documentation and
            justification are included in the technical description.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) QSLM and QSLD information is retained at the procuring
            organizations.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Solicitation.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" id="rrta2i" class="- topic/p ">(i) Solicitations and awards shall include procurement note H01 when
            purchasing qualification items in Federal Supply Class (FSC) 5935.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">H01 Qualified Products List (QPL) for Federal Supply Class (FSC)
            5935 Connector Assemblies and Contacts (SEP 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">When an offeror includes connectors and electrical contacts
            manufactured by different qualified sources, the offeror agrees to provide to the
            contracting officer or quality assurance representative, prior to delivery,
            documentation signed by an authorized contractor representative responsible for quality
            assurance, demonstrating that the connectors and electrical contacts in question were
            manufactured by/obtained from a current QPL source(s). The signed documentation must as
            a minimum include:</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) Name of the quality assurance representative;</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) Name of connector manufacturer(s);</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(3) Manufacturer(s) part number(s) (P/N);</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(4) Name of contact manufacturer(s); and</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(5) The Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code of the
            manufacturer.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Contracting officers shall include procurement note M01 in
            solicitations when purchasing qualification items in Federal Supply Classes (FSCs) 5961,
            Semiconductors and Hardware Devices, and 5962, Electronic Microcircuits.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">M01 Approved Suppliers for Federal Supply Class (FSC) 5961,
            Semiconductors and Hardware Devices, and FSC 5962, Electronic Microcircuits (JUN
            2020)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This material includes a sourcing restriction. The categories of
            sources of supply listed below, in order of precedence with Category One having the
            highest precedence, are eligible for award. Award, if made, will be within the highest
            category submitting an acceptable offer.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(a) Category One:</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The approved source (e.g., Original Component Manufacturer
            (OCM)/Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)) for the item specified in the
            solicitation/contract;</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The approved source on the applicable Qualified Products List
            (QPL)/Qualified Manufacturers List (QML); or</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The authorized distributors of the OCM/OEM or QPL/QML.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(b) Category Two: When no acceptable offer is received from
            suppliers listed in Category One, distributors listed on the Qualified Suppliers List of
            Distributors (QSLD), with adequate supply chain traceability documentation to the
            approved source of the item, are eligible to receive an award.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(c) Category Three: When no acceptable offer is received from
            suppliers in Category One or Category Two, the Government may make an award based on
            offers received from suppliers listed on the Qualified Testing Suppliers List (QTSL),
            with adequate test documentation. </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The QSLD Program (Qualified Suppliers List of Distributors
            (https://landandmaritimeapps.dla.mil/offices/sourcing_and_qualification/offices.aspx?Section=QSL);
            and QTSL Program (Qualified Testing Suppliers List
            (https://landandmaritimeapps.dla.mil/offices/sourcing_and_qualification/offices.aspx?Section=QTS)
            include the full listings of QSLD and QTSL suppliers, along with the qualification
            criteria. </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Reserved.</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Contracting officers shall include procurement note M03 in
            solicitations when purchasing Troop Support QSLM/QSLD qualification items. If a QPL
            requirement applies, the contracting officer shall advise potential offeror(s) they must
            provide a QPL item and advise contractors with QSLD status they must provide the product
            of contractors with QSLM status whether the item is governed by a QPL or not.
            Contracting officers shall review the Qualified Suppliers List for Manufacturers
            (QSLM)/Qualified Suppliers List for Distributors (QSLD)
            (https://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/IndustrialHardware/Engineering-and-Technical-services/Qualified-Suppliers-List/)
            to validate Troop Support QSL sources.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">M03 Qualified Suppliers List for Manufacturers (QSLM)/Qualified
            Suppliers List for Distributors (QSLD) for Troop Support (JUN 2020) </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(1) This is a qualified item. Only manufacturers listed on the
            Qualified Suppliers List for Manufacturers (QSLM)/Qualified Suppliers List for
            Distributors (QSLD)
            (https://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/IndustrialHardware/Engineering-and-Technical-services/Qualified-Suppliers-List/)
            with adequate supply chain traceability of the item specified in the
            solicitation/contract back to the QSLM are eligible to receive an award. </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">(2) The Qualified Suppliers List for Manufacturers (QSLM)/Qualified
            Suppliers List for Distributors (QSLD)
            (https://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/IndustrialHardware/Engineering-and-Technical-services/Qualified-Suppliers-List/)
            provides the full listing of QSLM and QSLD suppliers, along with the qualification
            criteria. </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Contracting officers shall include procurement note H02 in
            solicitations and awards when purchasing component qualification items. Contracting
            officers shall validate QPL sources on offers and consult with the product specialist,
            if needed.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">H02 Component Qualified Products List (QPL)/Qualified Manufacturers
            List (QML) (SEP 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">This item contains one or more components defined by a
            specification(s) with an associated Qualified Products List (QPL) or Qualified
            Manufacturers List (QML). By submission of an offer, the offeror will supply such
            component item(s) only from sources currently qualified on the applicable QPLs/QMLs.</p>
      <p id="p_P9_203" outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
