<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_PGI_1_601"
         xml:lang="en-US"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">PGI 1.601</ph> General.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(S-90) The DLA Acquisition Director designates DLA HCAs, subject to the following limitations: </p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Designations authorizing exercise of all HCA contracting authority require that the designee is— </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) A member of the Senior Executive Service (SES); </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Contracting Professional Certification; and, </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Current in completion of Continuous Learning Points (CLPs)</p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Designations authorizing exercise of restricted HCA contracting authority require that the designees is— </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) A GS-15; </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Contracting Professional Certification; and </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Current in completion of CLPs. </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) This type of designation is for MSCs that do not have an SES in the HCA role. The DLA Acquisition Director will clearly define the restrictions in the designation memorandum. The restrictions include, but are not limited to, actions not delegable below the HCA level, such as ratifications above the SAT (FAR 1.602-3(b)(2)); or actions delegable only to the GO/FO/SES level, such as those related to Procurement Integrity Act violations (FAR 3.104-7(b) and (g)). See the Signature Matrix at the <xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/Sites/Acquisition/Pages/default.aspx"
               format="html"
               scope="external"
               class="- topic/xref ">DLA Acquisition – J7</xref> SharePoint site under Shared Documents (<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/:x:/r/sites/Acquisition/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BB26D582D-3989-42ED-A454-79DF7C7A48FE%7D&amp;file=Signature_Matrix-Authorities_and_Responsibilities-9.25.2023.xlsx&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"
               format="html"
               scope="external"
               class="- topic/xref ">Signature_Matrix-Authorities_and_Responsibilities-9.25.2023.xlsx (dps.mil)</xref> for a complete list of required approval levels and delegation limitations. </p>
      <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a)(S-91) When a designated HCA for an MSC is not available to act, the order of elevation is as follows: </p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The Deputy Commander of the MSC will act as the HCA if the Deputy Commander is— </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) An SES; </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Contracting Professional Certification; and </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Current in completion of CLPs. </p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) When the Deputy Commander of the MSC does not meet the qualifications at (a)(S-91)(i) of this section, or meets the qualifications but is not available to act, the Commander of the MSC will act as the HCA if the Commander is— </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) A General Officer/Flag Officer or an SES; </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Contracting Professional Certification; and </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(C) Current in completion of CLPs. </p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) The DLA Acquisition Deputy Director will act as the HCA—</p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) If neither the Deputy Commander nor the Commander of the MSC meets the qualifications at (a)(S-91)(i) or (ii) of this section, or meets the qualifications but is not available to act; or </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) In the absence of the SPE for authorities retained by the SPE under a designation of restricted HCA contracting authority (see (a)(S-90)(ii) of this section). </p>
      <p outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) The DLA SPE (including the DLA Vice Director when acting as SPE in the absence of the DLA SPE) will act as the HCA in the absence of— </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) An MSC HCA and any qualified acting MSC HCA as listed above; or </p>
      <p outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) The HCA for procuring organizations for which the DLA Acquisition Deputy Director is HCA.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
