<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_1_602-3" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title id="0Vbhxp" outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph id="OXZj8d" props="autonumber">1.602-3</ph> Ratification of unauthorized
        commitments.</title>
    <conbody id="GXQ04k">
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_b">(b) Policy.</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_b_2" outputclass="List2">(2) The HCA is authorized to approve ratification
            actions valued over the SAT. This authority is nondelegable.</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_b_3" outputclass="List2">(3) The CCO is authorized to approve ratification
            actions valued at or below the SAT. This authority is nondelegable.</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_c">(c) <ph id="OzONdb">
            <i id="ZjKWj0">Limitations</i>
         </ph>. The contracting officer shall—</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_c_S90" outputclass="List2">(S-90) Prepare a request for ratification that
            conforms to requirements in the Ratification of Unauthorized Commitments Checklist at
                <xref href="PGI_1.602-3.dita#DLAD_PGI_1_602-3"
               id="c8Iek9"
               xtrc="PGI 1.602-3">PGI 1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="PGI_1.602-3.dita#DLAD_PGI_1_602-3/uDgeOg"
               id="y7yAPW"
               xtrc="(c)">PGI 1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>); and</p>
        <p id="ygvhP1" outputclass="List2">(S-91) Submit the request to the CCO or HCA, as applicable (see <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3" id="jpgfZG" xtrc="1.602-3">1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3/p_P1_602_3_b" id="XMhadL">
            <u id="PcwU3k">(b)</u>1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3/p_P1_602_3_b_2" id="03rsGX">
            <u id="qvNR2O">(2)</u>1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref> and <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3" id="LX1vVb" xtrc="1.602-3">1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3/p_P1_602_3_b" id="3m4LvA">
            <u id="phmF7q">(b)</u>1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="1.602-3.dita#DLAD_1_602-3/p_P1_602_3_b_3" id="VJJjT6">
            <u id="Qk2eWL">(3)</u>1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>).</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_d">(d)<i id="5xSj14"> </i>
         <ph id="zs9R0A">
            <i id="3Lu49e">Nonratifiable claims</i>
         </ph>.</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_d_S90" outputclass="List2">(S-90) An unauthorized commitment does not
            exist when—</p>
        <p id="VdD6ZU" outputclass="List3">(i) The contractor—</p>
        <p id="2VQH5b" outputclass="List4">(A) Performed without a contract;</p>
        <p id="BLWVA4" outputclass="List4">(B) Acted in good faith; and</p>
        <p id="23aFSd" outputclass="List4">(C) Submitted a claim to the Government; and</p>
        <p id="MfjJF7" outputclass="List3">(ii) The Government—</p>
        <p id="KEecfq" outputclass="List4">(A) Did not direct the contractor to perform without a contract;
            and</p>
        <p id="114onA" outputclass="List4">(B) Received a benefit from the contractor’s voluntary
            performance.</p>
        <p id="p_P1_602_3_d_S92" outputclass="List2">(S-91) The contracting officer may recommend
            payment on a quantum meruit basis for goods received or services
                rendered<ph id="r5FCfT">
            <i id="HcS8mu">.</i>
         </ph>
      </p>
        <p id="SAZ3hk" outputclass="List2">
         <ph id="2VzGbB">
            <i id="rmxhUC">(S-92)</i>
         </ph> To request relief on a quantum meruit basis,
            the contracting officer shall—</p>
        <p id="DNJt7M" outputclass="List3">(i) Prepare a request for relief that conforms to requirements in the
            Quantum Meruit Checklist at <xref href="PGI_1.602-3.dita#DLAD_PGI_1_602-3"
               id="59MefC"
               xtrc="PGI 1.602-3">PGI 1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>
         <xref href="PGI_1.602-3.dita#DLAD_PGI_1_602-3/AruZgc" id="xL4BZO">
            <u id="UWAWLd">(d)</u>PGI 1.602-3 Ratification of unauthorized commitments.</xref>;</p>
        <p id="WwyZri" outputclass="List3">(ii) Coordinate the request through Office of Counsel and the
            procuring organization chain of command; and</p>
        <p id="79cvVK" outputclass="List3">(iii) Submit the request to the DLA Acquisition Operations Division
            for CAE approval. The CAE approval authority is nondelegable.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
