<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_12_301" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">12.301</ph> Solicitation provisions and
        contract clauses for acquisition(s) of commercial items.</title>
    <conbody>
        <p id="23Red">(e) <i>Discretionary use of FAR provisions and clauses</i>. Pursuant to FAR 12.301 and 12.302, contracting officers must use their authority to tailor the standard FAR Part 12 terms and conditions as necessary to meet the Government’s needs. (See <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="12.208.dita#DLAD_12_208"> 12.208</xref> concerning how to tailor FAR 52.212-4(a), Inspection/ Acceptance.) Subject to the procedures in FAR and DLAD 12.302, the contracting officer may include other DLAD provisions, clauses and procurement notes; and if necessary, make accompanying changes to the provision FAR 52.212-1 and clause FAR 52.212-4.</p>
        <p>(f) The DLA SPE has approved supplementation of the provisions and clauses in FAR Part 12
            to require use of the following provisions, clauses, and procurement notes, when
            applicable:</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-90) Reserved.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-91) Procurement notes C01, Superseded Part Numbered Items, as
            prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.391.dita#DLAD_11_391">
            11.391</xref>(a); L04, Offers
            for Part Numbered Items, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.391.dita#DLAD_11_391">
            11.391</xref>(b); and M06, Evaluation of Offers of Alternate Product for
            Part Numbered Items, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.391.dita#DLAD_11_391">
            11.391</xref>(b).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-92) Provisions and clauses below, as prescribed in FAR
            16.203-4(a), 16.506(a)-(f), and 17.208(c):</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(i) FAR 52.216-2, Economic Price Adjustment – Standard Supplies;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(ii) FAR 52.216-18, Ordering;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(iii) FAR 52.216-19, Order Limitations;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(iv) FAR 52.216-20, Definite Quantity;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(v) FAR 52.216-21, Requirements;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(vi) FAR 52.216-22, Indefinite Quantity;</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(vii) FAR 52.216-27, Single or Multiple Awards; and</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(viii) FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-93) Provision FAR 52.215-20, Requirements for Certified Cost or
            Pricing Data and Data Other Than Cost or Pricing Data, as prescribed in FAR 15.408(l);
            and clause 52.215-21, Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other
            Than Cost or Pricing Data – Modifications, as prescribed in FAR 15.408(m).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-94) Procurement note C02, Manufacturing Phase Out or
            Discontinuation of Production, Diminishing Sources, and Obsolete Materials or
            Components, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.9001.dita#DLAD_11_9001">
            11.9001</xref>(a).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-95) Procurement note C03, Contractor Retention of Supply Chain
            Traceability Documentation, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="4.703.dita#DLAD_4_703">
            4.703</xref>(a).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-96) Provision DFARS 252.209-7002, Disclosure of Ownership or
            Control by a Foreign Government, as prescribed in DFARS 209.104-70.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-97) Procurement note H04, Sourcing for Critical Safety Items as
            prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="9.270-3.dita#DLAD_9_270-3">
            9.270</xref>(a).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-98) Procurement note E05, Product Verification Testing, as
            prescribed in 46.292.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-99) Procurement note E06, Inspection and Acceptance at Source, as
            prescribed in 46.402.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-100) Clause FAR 52.211-5, Material Requirements, as prescribed in
            FAR 11.304; procurement note C04, Unused Former Government Surplus Property, as
            prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.390.dita#DLAD_11_390">
            11.390</xref>(a); and
            procurement note M05, Evaluation Factor for Unused Former Government Surplus Property,
            as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="11.390.dita#DLAD_11_390">
            11.390</xref>(b)(1).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-101) Procurement notes H01, Qualified Products List (QPL) for
            Federal Supply Class (FSC) 5935 Connector Assemblies and Contacts, as prescribed in
                <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="9.202.dita#DLAD_9_202">
            9.202</xref>(a)(2)(i); H02, Component
            Qualified Products List (QPL)/Qualified Manufacturers List (QML), as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="9.202.dita#DLAD_9_202">
            9.202</xref>(a)(2)(v); M01, Qualified Suppliers
            for Federal Supply Class (FSC) 5961 Semiconductors and Hardware Devices and FSC 5962
            Electronic Microcircuits, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="9.202.dita#DLAD_9_202">
            9.202</xref>(a)(2)(ii); and M03, Qualified Suppliers List for
            Manufacturers (QSLM)/Qualified Suppliers List for Distributors (QSLD) for Troop Support,
            as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="9.202.dita#DLAD_9_202">
            9.202</xref>(a)(2)(iv).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-102) Procurement notes L01, Electronic Award Transmission; and
            L02, Electronic Order Transmission, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="4.502.dita#DLAD_4_502">
            4.502</xref>(b).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-103) Procurement note C05, Changes to Key Personnel, as prescribed
            in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="37.103.dita#DLAD_37_103">
            37.103</xref>(S-90).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-104) Reserved.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-105) Clause FAR 52.232-17, Interest, as prescribed in FAR
            32.611.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-106) Clause FAR 52.242-13, Bankruptcy, as prescribed in FAR
            42.903.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-107) Clause FAR 52.242-15, Stop Work Order, as prescribed in FAR
            42.1305(b)(1).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-108) Provision 52.233-9001, Disputes – Agreement to Use
            Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR), as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="33.214.dita#DLAD_33_214">
            33.214</xref>; and procurement note L06,
            Agency Protests, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="33.103.dita#DLAD_33_103">
            33.103</xref>(d)(4).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-109) Procurement note L07, Site Visit Instructions, as prescribed
            in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="37.110.dita#DLAD_37_110">
            37.110</xref>(a).</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(S-110) Procurement notes E01, Supplemental First Article Exhibit Disposition – Contractor Maintained, and E02, Supplemental First Article Exhibit Disposition – Government Maintained, as prescribed in <xref href="9.306.dita" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">9.306</xref>(h); procurement note E08, First Article Testing Requirements H03, Supplemental First Article Testing Requirements, as prescribed in <xref href="9.306.dita" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">9.306</xref>(S-90); and procurement note M04, Evaluation Factor for Government Testing of First Articles, as prescribed in <xref href="9.306.dita" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">9.306</xref>(i).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-111) Procurement note L08, Use of Supplier Performance Risk System
            (SPRS) in Past Performance Evaluations, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="15.303.dita#DLAD_15_303">
            15.303</xref>(c)(3)(i).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-112) Procurement notes L09, Reverse Auction, as prescribed in
                <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="15.407-90.dita#DLAD_15_407-90">
            15.407</xref>(c); and L10,
            Competing Individual Delivery Orders Through Reverse Auctions, as prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="15.407-90.dita#DLAD_15_407-90">
            15.407</xref>(d).</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-113) Clauses <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
               href="http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/regs/far2afmcfars/fardfars/far/52_246.htm"
               scope="external"
               format="html">FAR 52.246-11</xref>, Higher-Level Contract Quality
            Requirement, as prescribed in 46.311; and 52.246-2, Inspection of Supplies – Fixed
            Price, as prescribed in 46.302.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(S-114) Procurement notes E03, Production Lot Testing – Contractor,
            as prescribed in 46.291(a); and E04, Production Lot Testing – Government, as prescribed
            in 46.291(b).</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
