<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_37_103" xml:lang="en-US">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">37.103</ph> Contracting officer responsibility.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(f) Ensure the MFT participates in a SAW when it is required, unless a waiver is obtained from the SSM. The requirements for multifunctional teams (MFTs) to participate in a Service Acquisition Workshop (SAW), or equivalent program are provided in DoD Instruction (DoDI) 5000.74, Defense Acquisition of Services, in Section 4: Procedures. See <xref href="https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/issuances/dodi/"
               scope="external"
               format="html">
            <u>DoD Instructions</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/issuances/dodi/"
               scope="external"
               format="html">
            <u>https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/issuances/dodi/</u>
         </xref>) for a listing of DoDIs. A request for a waiver must be submitted through the DLA Acquisition Operations Division. Coordinate all acquisitions that meet the criteria for a SAW with the SSM.</p>
      <p>(g) Refer to DLA Manual 5000.74, Subject: DLA Acquisition of Services, Enclosure 2, paragraph 13 for additional responsibilities.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">(S-90) Solicitations and contracts shall include procurement note C05 when the services to be provided require professional employees, and evaluation of proposed key managerial personnel is required to assess the probability of successful performance.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">C05 Changes to Key Personnel (OCT 2016)</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">Certain skilled, experienced, professional and/or technical personnel are essential for successful accomplishment of the work to be performed under this contract. These are defined as "key personnel" and are those persons whose resumes are submitted as part of the technical/business proposal for evaluation. The contractor shall use key personnel as identified in its proposal during the performance of this contract and will request contracting officer approval prior to any changes. Requests for approval of any changes shall be in writing with a detailed explanation of the circumstances necessitating the change. The request must contain a complete resume for the new key personnel and any other pertinent information, such as degrees, certifications, and work history. New key personnel must have qualifications that are equal to or higher than those being replaced. The contracting officer will evaluate the request and notify the contractor whether the requested change is acceptable to the Government.</p>
      <p id="p_P123_8046" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
