<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_7_103" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">7.103</ph> Agency–head
        responsibilities.</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>(a) Procuring organization COMPADs, small business specialists, technical personnel, and
            program managers are the resources to assist contracting officers in expanding
            competition.</p>
        <p>(b) Procuring organization COMPADs, small business specialists, technical personnel, and
            program managers are the resources to assist contracting officers in expanding the use
            of commercial items.</p>
        <p>(d)(i)(B) An acquisition valued over the SAT but less than $50 million for all years
            requires a written streamlined acquisition plan (SAP) (see template in <xref href="53.9007.dita#DLAD_53_9007/p_P53_9007_a">
            <u>53.9007(a)</u>53.9007 Acquisition planning.</xref>). For acquisitions valued $50
            million or more for all years or $25 million or more for any fiscal year, follow DFARS
            207.103(d)(i)(B).</p>
        <p>(g)(1) All service requirements require written review, validation, prioritization and
            approval/disapproval by the Decision Authority as directed in DLA Manual 5000.74, DLA
            Acquisition of Services.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(2) Program managers, functional service managers, requirements
            generators, requirements owners, and requirements analysts must—</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(i) Obtain approval of all service requirements under their purview
            by the appropriate Decision Authority, who must provide approval of service requirements
            before the contracting officer develops an acquisition strategy; and</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Provide to the cognizant contracting office a complete package
            as directed in DLA Manual 5000.74 including appropriate documentation that the service
            requirement is approved and funded.</p>
        <p outputclass="List2">(3) Contracting officers must:</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(i) Obtain documentation of the review, validation, approval, and
            funding of service requirements with the requirements package; and</p>
        <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Include a statement in the acquisition plan that the
            documentation of the review, validation, approval, and funding of the service
            requirements demonstrates the requirement is valid, approved, and funded.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
