<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_8_703">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3"> 
      <ph props="autonumber">8.403</ph> Applicability.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="MUqwHK" outputclass="List1">(b)(S-90) GSA schedule contractor team arrangement (CTA). </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) A GSA Schedule CTA is an arrangement in which two or more GSA Schedule contractors form a team to work together to provide a total solution to meet a customer's needs. Under Schedule CTAs, contractors complement each other allowing teams to compete for orders for which they may not qualify independently. </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) FAR subpart 9.6 Contractor Team Arrangements does not apply to GSA Schedules teaming. Under GSA Schedules, teaming allows contractors to use their individual GSA Schedules to develop a solution for the government. Under a GSA Schedules CTA: </p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(i) The CTA does not create a separate legal entity. </p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Each CTA member must have a GSA Schedule contract. </p>
      <p outputclass="List3">(iii) Each CTA member is responsible for its portion of the work per the terms and conditions set forth in its GSA Schedule contract. </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) The contracting officer shall include procurement notes L34 Contractor Team Arrangements – Solicitation and Award and L35 Contractor Team Arrangements – Task and Delivery Orders in solicitations and awards, as applicable, when the use of GSA Schedule CTAs is contemplated (see section 4.190 and GSA Schedule Contractor Team Arrangement guidance at <xref href="https://www.gsa.gov/buying-selling/purchasing-programs/gsa-multiple-award-schedule/schedule-features/contractor-team-arrangements"
               format="html"
               scope="external"/>).</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
