<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_1_301" xml:lang="en-US">
   <title id="ZDfkEk" outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph id="iKD8nZ" props="autonumber">1.301</ph> Policy.</title>
   <conbody id="Iqqt0r">
      <p id="MkitBs">(a)(1)(S-90) The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Director has authorized the DLA Acquisition Director to issue the Defense Logistics Acquisition Directive (DLAD). The DLAD implements and supplements requirements of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), the Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS), DFARS Procedures, Guidance and Information (PGI), Department of Defense publications, and DLA Issuances. Pursuant to FAR 1.304, the DLAD establishes DLA regulations relating to the acquisition of supplies and services under the authority of Title 10 USC Chapter 137, or other statutory authority.</p>
      <p id="mxuDH3" outputclass="List2">(S-91) Only the DLA Acquisition Director is authorized to approve acquisition policies and procedures for use by DLA acquisition personnel. Procuring organizations shall not issue acquisition policies or procedures. The DLA Acquisition Director signs procurement policy letters (PROCLTRs) to issue policies revising the DLAD. The DLA Acquisition Compliance, Policy and Pricing Division assigns PROCLTR numbers, distributes PROCLTRs, and posts PROCLTRs on the Acquisition – J7 SharePoint site. Policies issued by PROCLTR are effective immediately, unless stated otherwise in the PROCLTR, and take precedence over the published version of the DLAD until the DLA Acquisition Compliance, Policy and Pricing Division incorporates the revisions into the published version.</p>
      <p id="p_P1_301_a_1_iii_A" outputclass="List2">(S-92) Provisions and clauses. When solicitation provisions or contract clauses are required, the following procedures apply:</p>
      <p id="F61bp8" outputclass="List4">(A) The CCO may approve provisions and clauses developed for a single procurement that fulfill a specific and unique requirement of the acquisition or are a result of negotiations, subject to review by Office of Counsel prior to incorporation into a solicitation or contract. Such provisions and clauses shall not constitute a deviation from higher-level regulations or from the DLAD, or otherwise require DPC approval. The CCO may delegate this authority to a level not lower than the Procurement Policy Chief. These provisions and clauses can be approved for one-time use only in a single acquisition or contract. One-time use provisions and clauses are not assigned DLAD numbers, but shall be identified in accordance with FAR 52.103 by title, date, and name of procuring organization that developed them.</p>
      <p id="iCoUGJ" outputclass="List4">(B) For a proposed repetitive-use provision, clause, or procurement note, or for a substantive change to an existing provision, clause, or procurement note, submit requests to the DLA Acquisition Compliance, Policy and Pricing Division. Include prescriptive policy for use of the provision, clause, or procurement note on either an enterprise or non-enterprise basis.</p>
      <p id="FpTdTn">(a)(2) Procuring organizations are authorized by the DLA Acquisition Director to issue internal guidance within the limitations of FAR 1.301(a)(2).</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
