<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_16_590">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">16.590</ph> Procurement notes.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="hpxZNO">(a) Contracting officers may use procurement note L27 in solicitations when a method is needed for making additions or deletions to items covered by the contract (e.g., corporate contracts, LTCs incorporating a manufacturer’s price list, comprehensive weapon system spare parts support, a specific range of items).</p>
      <p id="dwpDXf" outputclass="List2">(1) The contracting officer shall address competition requirements before new items may be added to a contract.</p>
      <p id="RMtNKs" outputclass="List2">(2) The contracting officer shall prepare a scope of contract statement in the solicitation and resulting contract to clearly establish the Government’s intentions and rights under the contract. The scope of contract statement should communicate a comprehensive objective for the acquisition (i.e., whether it is based on a specific stock class, weapon system, product line, manufacturer, or distributor). The contracting officer shall not include information in the scope of contract statement that conflicts with Section B or other terms of the solicitation. Contracting officers have flexibility in defining contract scope but must be careful to avoid ambiguities.</p>
      <p id="p_OLE_LINK14" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="RreoEE" outputclass="Normal">L27 Addition and Deletion of Items (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p id="omfXHt" outputclass="Normal">(1) The Government reserves the right to unilaterally delete items that were available from only one manufacturer at the time of award if an alternate source of supply becomes available or the Government’s requirements are modified to provide for full and open competition. The Government will provide a 30-day advance notice to the contractor prior to deleting any item from the contract.</p>
      <p id="WOYzJm" outputclass="Normal">(2) The Government may add new items to the contract through bilateral modification with negotiated prices. All new requirements are subject to synopsis prior to addition to the contract.</p>
      <p id="dZLKuY" outputclass="Normal">(3) Discontinued items:</p>
      <p id="XBGXUn" outputclass="Normal">(a) The contractor agrees to provide the Government with immediate, written notification when the manufacturer will discontinue an item, including a recommendation for any potential substitute or replacement items. If the Government elects to include a substitute or replacement item in the contract, the contracting officer will modify the contract accordingly.</p>
      <p id="mFkTxf" outputclass="Normal">(b) If the manufacturer discontinues an item without replacement, the contractor shall include in the notice a recommendation concerning the availability of items that are comparable in form, fit, and function. The contractor shall not incur any costs related to alternate sources of supply without the express written approval of the contracting officer. The Government has the option to make a last time order, or series of orders, within 30 days after receiving written notification of the discontinued item, after which the item will be deleted from the contract. The contractor shall honor any last time order, unless it is returned to the ordering office within 10 days after issuance with written notice stating the full quantity is not available for shipment. The parties will negotiate the terms of such orders, including changes to the delivery schedule and maximum quantity available for shipment.</p>
      <p id="ErnXEg" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="wRbphe">
         <b>(</b>b) Contracting officers shall use procurement note C12 in solicitations and contract awards for LTCs that provide for shipment to more than one location and include quantity range pricing; when transportation costs will be relatively small compared to the cost of the item; and when the contract price will be f.o.b. origin.</p>
      <p id="LrCDAG" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
      <p id="VzPhtK" outputclass="Normal">C12 Pricing of Delivery Orders with Quantity Increments (AUG 2017)</p>
      <p id="Tweekk">
         <ph id="575ngzqn" rev="change Please">(a) In pricing delivery orders requiring delivery of one national stock number (NSN) to multiple destinations, the Government will determine the price for each destination as follows, depending on the box checked:</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="dhdqDS" outputclass="Normal">
         <ph id="2qjzjztn" rev="change Please">☐ (1) The quantity range price based on the total quantity of the NSN being procured under each delivery order regardless of destination; or</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="alSSat" outputclass="Normal">
         <ph id="3fm6nr2" rev="change Please">☐ (2) The total quantity being shipped to all destinations within each zone as defined elsewhere in this contract.</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="QTeSVk">
         <ph id="edw3590w" rev="change Please">(b) If this solicitation or contract contains a provision for placement of orders through an electronic ordering system, the Government will determine unit prices for those orders as follows, depending on the box checked:</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="ZKDsvA" outputclass="Normal">
         <ph id="2h4sr93jn" rev="change Please">☐ (1) The total quantity of all requirements for each NSN issued via the electronic ordering system in a single day, regardless of the number of individual orders; or</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="vCiMKY" outputclass="Normal">
         <ph id="ec24jd8a" rev="change Please">☐ (2) The quantity of each individual order.</ph>
      </p>
      <p id="QYlgJZ">(c) The minimum quantity to be ordered, per destination, will be the minimum ordering range quantity if specified in section B of the solicitation or contract for each item.</p>
      <p id="EcVSbi" outputclass="Normal">*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
