<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_17_9303" xml:lang="en-US">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">17.9303</ph> Procedures.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>(a) Contracting officers must include consideration of surge and sustainment in acquisition plans and state if it will be used as an evaluation factor. Detailed procedures on tasks and responsibilities for the contracting officer and industrial specialist can be found in DLAM 5025.12, Industrial Capability Program Surge and Sustainment (S&amp;S).</p>
      <p>(b) When S&amp;S is determined applicable, the contracting officer must incorporate the approved CAP and exit strategy in the contract. As applicable, identify the amount of the approved Government investment and explicit language regarding limited use of the investment. When  Fragility and Criticality (FaC) is determined applicable for non-covered surge items, the contracting officer must include FaC in acquisition plans. Detailed procedures on tasks and responsibilities for the contracting officer and industrial specialist can be found in.</p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">
         <xref href="https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/DLAI%205025.04,%20ICP%20-%20Fragility%20and%20Criticality%20(FaC)%20Policy.pdf"
               scope="external"
               format="pdf">
            <u>DLAI 5025.04, Industrial Capability Program - Industrial Base Health Fragility and Criticality Policy</u>
         </xref> (<xref href="https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/DLAI%205025.04,%20ICP%20-%20Fragility%20and%20Criticality%20(FaC)%20Policy.pdf"
               scope="external"
               format="pdf">
            <u>https://issue-p.dla.mil/Published_Issuances/DLAI%205025.04,%20ICP%20-%20Fragility%20and%20Criticality%20(FaC)%20Policy.pdf</u>
         </xref>).</p>
      <p>(c) The contracting officer coordinates any adjustments or changes to the surge coverage with the industrial specialist.</p>
      <p id="p_P17_9304">(d) Contracting officers must use the applicable system and/or applications:</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) Surge and Sustainment Database found within the <xref href="https://www.jccs.gov/SSDB/IBMS/Home.aspx"
               scope="external"
               format="aspx">
            <u>Industrial Base Management System (IBMS)</u>
         </xref>
         <ph>
            <u> (</u>
            <u>https://www.jccs.gov/SSDB/IBMS/Home.aspx</u>
            <u>)</u>
         </ph>.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) Reserved.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) <xref href="https://www.medical.dla.mil/Portal/"
               scope="external"
               format="html">
            <u>DLA Troop Support Medical Master (DMM) Online Catalog</u>
         </xref>
         <u> (</u>
         <xref href="https://www.medical.dla.mil/Portal/"
               scope="external"
               format="html">
            <u>https://www.medical.dla.mil/Portal/</u>
         </xref>
         <u>).</u>
      </p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
