<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_19_590" xml:lang="en-US" rev="Revised August 30, 2022">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3"> 
      <ph props="autonumber">19.590</ph> Cascading/ set-aside procurement notes for DLA’s automated simplified procurement system.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p outputclass="List1">(a) The Defense Logistics Agency’s systems logic for automated simplified procurements considers the applicability of more than one type of set-aside using a cascading evaluation of offers (see DFARS 215.203-70). </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) If the nonmanufacturer rule is waived (see FAR 19.505(c)(4)) and eligible offers are not received for a service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) set-aside or a HUBZone set-aside, the automated system will cascade to a small business set-aside. </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) If the nonmanufacturer rule is waived and after cascading a SDVOSB set-aside or a HUBZone set-aside, no eligible offer is received from a small business concern at a fair market price, the automated systems will withdraw the set-aside and automatically resolicit on an unrestricted basis. </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) If no eligible offers are received on a SDVOSB set-aside or a HUBZone set-aside and the nonmanufacturer rule is not waived, the automated system will cancel the solicitation and resolicit as a small business set-aside.. </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(b) Use procurement note L17 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold but less than or equal to the SAT when the nonmanufacturer rule (NMR) is waived and a set-aside to a servicedisabled veteran-owned small business concern is anticipated. </p>
      <p>***** </p>
      <p>L17 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business/Small Business Set-Aside Cascade Instructions – NMR Waived (JUL 2022) </p>
      <p>(1) This solicitation is restricted to service-disabled veteran-owned small business and small business concerns. The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit offers. The Government will make an award based on the following order of set-aside precedence: </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(a) Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concerns (FAR 52.219-27 and 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (SEP 2021) (DEVIATION 2021- O0008)). </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(b) If no eligible offer is received from a SDVOSB concern at a fair market price, then small business concerns (FAR 52.219-6). </p>
      <p>(2) The clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraph (b) of FAR 52.219- 27) apply to the solicitation. Only the clauses matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation at (1)(a) or (1)(b) apply to the award. </p>
      <p>***** </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(c) Use procurement note L36 for automated solicitations valued over the micro-purchase threshold but less than or equal to the SAT when the nonmanufacturer rule (NMR) is waived and a set-aside to a HUBZone small business concern is anticipated. </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">L36 HUBZone Small Business/Small Business Set-Aside Cascade Instructions – NMR Waived (JUL 2022) </p>
      <p>(1) This solicitation is restricted to HUBZone small business and small business concerns. The Government encourages all small business concerns to submit offers. The Government will make an award based on the following order of set-aside precedence: </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(a) HUBZone small business concerns (FAR 52.219-3 and 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (SEP 2021) (DEVIATION 2021-O0008)). </p>
      <p outputclass="List1">(b) If no eligible offer is received from a HUBZone small business concern at a fair market price, then small business concerns (FAR 52.219-6). </p>
      <p>(2) The clauses contained in this procurement note (except paragraph (b) of FAR 52.219-3) apply to the solicitation. Only the clauses matching the awardee’s Small Business Program and Type representation at (1)(a) or (1)(b) apply to the award. </p>
      <p>*****</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
