<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_6_305-90" xml:lang="en-US">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">6.305-90</ph> Oversight program.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p>The oversight required by Defense Pricing and Contracting (DPC) in response to GAO report GAO-14-304, “Federal Contracting: Noncompetitive Contracts Based on Urgency Need Additional Oversight” dated March 26, 2014, is:</p>
      <p>(a) HCAs shall monitor FPDS-NG data monthly for compliance with justification and approval (J&amp;A) signature requirements and posting timelines for awards using the unusual and compelling urgency exception. The FPDS-NG data elements Extent Competed and Reason Not Competed and the FPDS code URG will be used in reporting.</p>
      <p>(b) HCAs shall compile a quarterly report of the results of the monthly data collected as required in 6.305-90(a). Reports shall be submitted to the DLA Acquisition Operations</p>
      <p>Division by the 5th working day after the end of the quarter. The report must include the following information:</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1) FPDS-NG data elements: Solicitation number, contract number, original contract award dollarvalue (excluding options), award date, modification number, modification’s dollar value increase, and award date;</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2) Period of performance/estimated completion date; J&amp;A approval authority’s name, title, and signature date; and J&amp;A posting date.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3) Identification of all contract actions not in compliance with required J&amp;A approval levels and posting timeframes and corrective action.</p>
      <p>(c) The DLA Acquisition Operations Division will prepare an enterprise summary for the DLA Acquisition Director by the 10th working day after the end of the quarter.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
