<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_15_405" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title outputclass="Heading 3"><ph props="autonumber">15.405</ph> Price negotiation.</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>(a)(S-90) For every price reasonableness determination, the contracting officer shall
            accomplish price or cost analysis, as appropriate, to determine the price to be either
            reasonable or unreasonable.&#xa0;The offeror's refusal to provide and/or certify cost or
            pricing data or information other than cost or pricing data does not relieve the
            contracting officer from the requirement to perform a proposal analysis; and such
            refusal does not provide a sufficient basis for determining the price unfair or
            unreasonable.</p>
        <p id="p_P15_405_d_S90">(d)(S-90).When award is still necessary, even though the contracting
            officer determines a price, profit, or fee is unreasonable, or when the contracting
            officer cannot determine if a price, profit, or fee is reasonable, the contracting
            officer shall refer the contract action to a level above the contracting officer in
            accordance with FAR 15.405(d). The cognizant authority above the contracting officer
            shall document any actions they completed or directed others to take in response to the
            referral and include this documentation, if applicable, when they provide the approval
            to the contracting officer. The cognizant authority at a level above the contracting
            officer shall include a statement for the contract file that they have reviewed the
            circumstances and approve of the award by the contracting officer. The contracting
            officer shall not make award without documented approval at a level above the
            contracting officer. The contracting officer shall forward a detailed memorandum to the
            CCO documenting the results of the negotiations and the reason the award is necessary.
            The contracting officer shall append a copy of this memorandum to the Price Negotiation
            Memorandum (PNM) in the contract file, if a PNM is applicable. If the contracting
            officer uses the SAAD format, in accordance with <xref href="13.106-3.dita#DLAD_13_106-3"><u>13.106-3</u></xref><xref href="13.106-3.dita#DLAD_13_106-3/p_P13_106_3_b"><u>(b)</u></xref>, the contracting officer shall append the memorandum to the
            SAAD.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
