<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_17_9500" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title outputclass="Heading 3"><ph props="autonumber">17.9500</ph> Scope of subpart.</title>
    <conbody>
        <p outputclass="Normal">This subpart prescribes policies and procedures for soliciting
            offers, awarding contracts, placing orders, and post award administration under DLA’s
            tailored logistics support contracting initiatives. Included in this category are prime
            vendor (PV), similar existing support arrangements known as modified prime vendor
            initiatives (MPV), and future initiatives that have characteristics of PV arrangements
            but are not considered traditional PV. TLSC initiatives are prime vendor programs for
            purposes of the authorities at <xref href="13.402.dita#DLAD_13_402"><u>13.402</u></xref>(a) to
            use fast payment procedures.</p>
        <p outputclass="Normal">This subpart also discusses the management attention required
            throughout the life of a tailored logistics support contract. It includes a procurement
            note at <xref href="17.9504.dita#DLAD_17_9504"><u>17.9504</u></xref>(c) to be used when the
            Government relies on the contractor’s purchasing system to verify that the contractor
            competed the items or services, or justify fair and reasonable pricing. Any deviation
            from this subpart must be requested in writing to the DLA Acquisition Operations
            Division and be approved by the SPE. Deviations may be requested on a program rather
            than an individual acquisition basis.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
