<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_39_9002" xml:lang="en-US"><title outputclass="Heading 3"><ph props="autonumber">39.9002</ph> Documentation requirements for IT procurement.</title><conbody><p>(a) The requiring activity shall include the following in the acquisition package sent to the contracting officer:</p><p outputclass="List2">(1) A statement clearly describing why the IT is needed and the program, project, Automated Information System being supported by the IT procurement.</p><p outputclass="List2">(2) A description of what is being acquired. Identify the product (including its intended purpose, if unclear from the product name), manufacturer, model number, version number, quantity, unit cost, and any other attributes, such as essential physical characteristics. For support services, include a SOO, SOW, or PWS, as applicable.</p><p outputclass="List2">(3) The exact location where the IT items and services are needed and points of contact with commercial and DSN telephone numbers.</p><p outputclass="List2">(4) A copy of the market survey for each recommended source (reference FAR Part 10).</p><p outputclass="List2">(5) A copy of the funding documentation.</p><p outputclass="List2">(6) For sole source (e.g., only one source, specific make or model, or compatibility-limited), documentation to support a justification for other than full and open competition or limited source justification (reference FAR 6.3 and 8.405-6) and brand name situations (reference FAR 11.105).</p><p outputclass="List2">(7) Copies of any additional information and support documentation necessary.</p><p>(b) The requiring activity shall—</p><p outputclass="List2">(1) Prepare additional documentation or Business Case Analysis (BCA) as part of the contract file for an acquisition as needed.</p><p outputclass="List2">(2) Submit acquisitions valued below $50,000 in accordance with local procedures, or as appropriate for the complexity of the requirement.</p><p outputclass="List2">(3) Outline and compare the status quo method of business with three alternatives for acquisitions greater than or equal to $50,000 and less than $250,000.</p><p outputclass="List2">(4) In addition to the requirements of (b)(2) above, provide a comparison of expected costs, benefits, impacts, and risks that would result from implementing alternative IT investments for acquisitions greater than or equal to $250,000 and less than $1,000,000.</p><p outputclass="List2">(5) In addition to the requirements of (b)(2) and (b)(3) above, conduct a more in-depth analysis for acquisitions greater than or equal to $1,000,000 or having a significant impact on DoD logistics operations. The analysis shall include a study of the impact on DLA as a whole, as well as the quantitative and qualitative ramifications of the alternatives described within the investment; and consider the broad implications of the implementation of each alternative, including local and global implications, as well as immediate and future costs and savings.</p></conbody></concept>