<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="DLAD_4_805" xml:lang="en-US"><title outputclass="Heading 3"><ph props="autonumber">4.805</ph> Storage, handling, and contract files.</title><conbody><p>(a) Procuring organizations shall follow the Records Management Procurement Job Aid for storage and retrieval of electronic documents.</p><p outputclass="List2">(1) Procuring organizations shall store all acquisition contract file records in EProcurement “Records Management,” the official DLA records repository, except as stated in 4.805(b).</p><p outputclass="List2">(2) Procuring organizations shall upload to Records Management all obligations documents (e.g. contract awards; and modifications affecting the overall contract obligation, such as those for equitable adjustments or raising the contract ceiling), to include bilateral signature pages. Follow the procedures for saving and naming conventions in the Procurement Job Aid entitled <xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B950AD3EC-CE42-444C-B2E6-1A3BB848637A%7D&amp;file=Completing%20Forms%20in%20Document%20Builder%20-15%20Feb%2019.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true" scope="external" format="doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"><u>Completing Forms in Document Builder</u></xref> (<xref href="https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B950AD3EC-CE42-444C-B2E6-1A3BB848637A%7D&amp;file=Completing%20Forms%20in%20Document%20Builder%20-15%20Feb%2019.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true" scope="external" format="doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true"><u>https://dlamil.dps.mil/:w:/r/sites/InfoOps/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B950AD3EC-CE42-444C-B2E6-1A3BB848637A%7D&amp;file=Completing%20Forms%20in%20Document%20Builder%20-15%20Feb%2019.doc&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true</u></xref>).</p><p outputclass="List2">(3) When a condition at 4.805(b) applies, include a reference statement in the Records Management contract file notifying authorized users of the location of any document or material maintained outside Records Management.</p><p>(b) Procuring organizations shall maintain contents of contract files outside EProcurement Records Management in accordance with the following:</p><p outputclass="List2">(1) Maintain documents containing personally identifiable information (PII), legal reviews, documents marked as contractor proprietary information, and oversized or voluminous documents as a hard copies or in an electronic, restricted-access location (e.g., eWorkplace Sharepoint site or local share drive).</p><p outputclass="List2">(2) Maintain classified documents in hard copy only.</p><p outputclass="List2">(3) Maintain material that cannot be converted to electronic format (e.g., samples, models) in a secured, restricted-access location.</p><p outputclass="List2">(4) Maintain contractor bid or proposal information or any other source selection </p><p>information not marked proprietary as hard copies or in an electronic, restricted-access location until time of award. After award, procuring organizations may upload the documents into Records Management or maintain them in an electronic, restricted-access location. Procuring organizations may maintain oversized or voluminous documents as hard copies.</p><p>(c) HCAs shall ensure compliance with this policy.</p><p outputclass="Normal">(S-90) Retain Financial Management Regulation records for 10 years in accordance with DLA Finance Director memorandum dated September 15, 2016, SUBJECT: New DoD Change for Financial Record Retention in Support of Audit Compliance. This policy applies only to records necessary to support financial transactions and financial statement balances; and document evidence of effective internal controls over financial reporting (e.g., reviews and approvals).</p></conbody></concept>